.gitignore
.gitmodules
.readthedocs.yaml
50-newae.rules
CHANGES.txt
FW_CHANGES.txt
LICENSE.txt
README.md
contributing.md
gen_minimal.sh
pyproject.toml
requirements.txt
.github/workflows/build_firmware.yml
.github/workflows/lint_python.yml
.github/workflows/periodic_test.yml
.github/workflows/publish-to-test-pypi.yml
.github/workflows/test_install.yml
.github/workflows/update_minimal.yml
.github/workflows/update_private.yml
.vscode/launch.json
.vscode/settings.json
docs/Makefile
docs/README.md
docs/aspell.list
docs/requirements.txt
docs/source/Serial Ports.md
docs/source/Tutorials.md
docs/source/USB-Protocol.md
docs/source/_config.yml
docs/source/_toc.yml
docs/source/analyzer-api.rst
docs/source/capture-api.rst
docs/source/changes.rst
docs/source/colophon.md
docs/source/custom-firmware.rst
docs/source/debugging.rst
docs/source/drivers.rst
docs/source/firmware.rst
docs/source/getting-started.rst
docs/source/index.rst
docs/source/installation.rst
docs/source/linux-install.rst
docs/source/logging.rst
docs/source/mac-install.rst
docs/source/scope-api.rst
docs/source/simpleserial.rst
docs/source/starting.rst
docs/source/support.rst
docs/source/target-api.rst
docs/source/updating.rst
docs/source/virtual-box-inst.rst
docs/source/windows-install.rst
docs/source/Capture/20-pin-connector.md
docs/source/Capture/ChipWhisperer-Husky.md
docs/source/Capture/ChipWhisperer-Lite.md
docs/source/Capture/ChipWhisperer-Nano.md
docs/source/Capture/ChipWhisperer-Pro.md
docs/source/Capture/index.md
docs/source/Capture/interfaces.md
docs/source/Capture/overview.md
docs/source/Capture/Images/CWNANO_RESIZE.png
docs/source/Capture/Images/CWP.png
docs/source/Capture/Images/Cwpro-iodecoder.png
docs/source/Capture/Images/Cwpro-sad.png
docs/source/Capture/Images/Cwpro-stream-example.png
docs/source/Capture/Images/Cwpro-stream.png
docs/source/Capture/Images/Cwpro-trigger.png
docs/source/Capture/Images/Glitch.png
docs/source/Capture/Images/STMF32F-02_programmer_jumper.jpg
docs/source/Capture/Images/Video.png
docs/source/Capture/Images/breakstep1.png
docs/source/Capture/Images/breakstep2.png
docs/source/Capture/Images/breakstep3.png
docs/source/Capture/Images/breakstep4.png
docs/source/Capture/Images/breakstep5.png
docs/source/Capture/Images/breakvideo.png
docs/source/Capture/Images/cwhusky.jpg
docs/source/Capture/Images/cwlite-sch1.png
docs/source/Capture/Images/cwlite-sch2.png
docs/source/Capture/Images/cwlite-sch3.png
docs/source/Capture/Images/cwlite-sch4.png
docs/source/Capture/Images/cwlite-sch5.png
docs/source/Capture/Images/cwlite-sch6.png
docs/source/Capture/Images/cwlite-sch7.png
docs/source/Capture/Images/cwlite-sch8.png
docs/source/Capture/Images/cwlite_basic.png
docs/source/Capture/Images/cwnano-sch1.png
docs/source/Capture/Images/cwnano-sch3.png
docs/source/Capture/Images/husky_crowbar.png
docs/source/Capture/Images/husky_glitch.png
docs/source/Capture/Images/husky_meas.png
docs/source/Capture/Images/husky_meas2.png
docs/source/Capture/Images/husky_stream.png
docs/source/Capture/Images/husky_stream1.png
docs/source/Capture/Images/husky_stream2.png
docs/source/Capture/Images/lite-erase-jumper.jpg
docs/source/Capture/Images/sam3fwver.png
docs/source/Capture/Images/ttyUSB_example.png
docs/source/ChipSHOUTER/Ballistic Gel.md
docs/source/ChipSHOUTER/ChipSHOUTER.md
docs/source/ChipSHOUTER/Simple EMFI Target.md
docs/source/ChipSHOUTER/Images/chipshouter.png
docs/source/ChipSHOUTER/Images/cw322_oblique_photo.jpg
docs/source/ChipSHOUTER/Images/cw322_sch.png
docs/source/ChipSHOUTER/Images/cw520_photo.jpg
docs/source/Starter Kits/ChipSHOUTER.md
docs/source/Starter Kits/ChipWhisperer-Husky.md
docs/source/Starter Kits/ChipWhisperer-Lite.md
docs/source/Starter Kits/ChipWhisperer-Nano.md
docs/source/Starter Kits/ChipWhisperer-Pro.md
docs/source/Starter Kits/SCAPACK-L1.md
docs/source/Starter Kits/SCAPACK-L2.md
docs/source/Starter Kits/index.md
docs/source/Starter Kits/Images/CWP.png
docs/source/Starter Kits/Images/Vreg_external.png
docs/source/Starter Kits/Images/Vreg_internal.png
docs/source/Starter Kits/Images/Vreg_noexternal.png
docs/source/Starter Kits/Images/chipshouter.jpg
docs/source/Starter Kits/Images/cw-lite-1.jpg
docs/source/Starter Kits/Images/cw-lite-2.jpg
docs/source/Starter Kits/Images/cw-lite-32.jpg
docs/source/Starter Kits/Images/cw-lite-box.jpg
docs/source/Starter Kits/Images/cw-lite-standalone.jpg
docs/source/Starter Kits/Images/cw-nano.jpg
docs/source/Starter Kits/Images/cwlite_basic.png
docs/source/Starter Kits/Images/lvl1-starter.jpg
docs/source/Starter Kits/Images/lvl2-starter.jpg
docs/source/Starter Kits/Images/lvl3-starter.jpg
docs/source/Starter Kits/Images/nae-cwhusky-sk1-whitebg_jpg_md-fixed-xl.jpg
docs/source/Targets/CW1101 Target Board.md
docs/source/Targets/CW303 Arm.md
docs/source/Targets/CW303 XMEGA.md
docs/source/Targets/CW304 Notduino Target.md
docs/source/Targets/CW305 Artix FPGA.md
docs/source/Targets/CW308 UFO.md
docs/source/Targets/CW308_CW312_adapter.md
docs/source/Targets/CW310 Bergen Board.md
docs/source/Targets/CW313.md
docs/source/Targets/CW340 Luna Board.md
docs/source/Targets/CW340 OT Quickstart.md
docs/source/Targets/Target Defines.md
docs/source/Targets/UFO Targets.md
docs/source/Targets/index.md
docs/source/Targets/Images/6pin_measure.jpg
docs/source/Targets/Images/6pin_short.jpg
docs/source/Targets/Images/Addition.gif
docs/source/Targets/Images/Artix_Board.jpg
docs/source/Targets/Images/Avr-build-ok.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/CW308T_Wiki.jpg
docs/source/Targets/Images/CW308_victim_dims.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/CW310block.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/CWNANO_RESIZE.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/Cw303_schematic.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/Cw304_schematic.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/Cw304asm.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/Cw305_pll.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/Cw308_bottom.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/Cw308_clockrouting.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/Cw308_programming.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/Cw308_switch.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/Cw308_top.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/Cwlite-xmega.jpg
docs/source/Targets/Images/Cwlite_notduino.jpg
docs/source/Targets/Images/Kit_packaged.jpg
docs/source/Targets/Images/Kit_parts.jpg
docs/source/Targets/Images/NAE-CW308-03_Schematic_Page_1.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/NAE-CW308-03_Schematic_Page_2.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/NAE-CW308-03_Schematic_Page_3.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/NAE-CW308-03_Schematic_Page_4.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/NAE-CW308-03_Schematic_Page_5.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/Normalscope.jpg
docs/source/Targets/Images/Notduino.jpg
docs/source/Targets/Images/P1080944.jpg
docs/source/Targets/Images/P1090067.jpg
docs/source/Targets/Images/P1090074.jpg
docs/source/Targets/Images/P1090078.jpg
docs/source/Targets/Images/P1090080.jpg
docs/source/Targets/Images/Removal.gif
docs/source/Targets/Images/Resistors.jpg
docs/source/Targets/Images/UART_channels.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/XMEGA_programmer.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/cw303-arm-irl.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/cw303-arm.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/cw303-xmega.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/cw305_sch1.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/cw305_sch10.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/cw305_sch11.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/cw305_sch12.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/cw305_sch13.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/cw305_sch14.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/cw305_sch2.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/cw305_sch3.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/cw305_sch4.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/cw305_sch5.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/cw305_sch6.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/cw305_sch7.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/cw305_sch8.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/cw305_sch9.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/cw305_vccaux_shunt_sch.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/cw305_vccint_shunt_sch.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/cw305_vccrouting.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/cw310-5v-power-src.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/cw310-bergen-heatsink.jpeg
docs/source/Targets/Images/cw310-bergenk410t.jpeg
docs/source/Targets/Images/cw310-bergenk410t_annotated.jpg
docs/source/Targets/Images/cw310-bergenk410t_annotated_ot.jpg
docs/source/Targets/Images/cw310-blockdiagram-whitebackground.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/cw310-cfgheader.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/cw310-dualfan.jpeg
docs/source/Targets/Images/cw310-fan_crossflow.jpeg
docs/source/Targets/Images/cw310-hot-not.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/cw310-pmod.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/cw310-restart-power.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/cw310-spi-pinout.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/cw310-spi-remove.jpg
docs/source/Targets/Images/cw310-tgt-power.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/cw310-userdebug.jpeg
docs/source/Targets/Images/cw310-userheaders.jpeg
docs/source/Targets/Images/cw310-userioa.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/cw310-useriob.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/cw313_render.jpg
docs/source/Targets/Images/cw340-otkit-boards.jpg
docs/source/Targets/Images/fpga_autoonoff.jpg
docs/source/Targets/Images/mode_switches.jpg
docs/source/Targets/Images/nano-target-sch.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/psw_1.jpg
docs/source/Targets/Images/psw_2.jpg
docs/source/Targets/Images/shunt.jpg
docs/source/Targets/Images/switch_controlpower.jpeg
docs/source/Targets/Images/tools_menu_XMEGA_programmer.png
docs/source/Targets/Images/vccint_caps.jpg
docs/source/Tools/CANoodler.md
docs/source/Tools/CW501 Differential Probe.md
docs/source/Tools/CW502 Low Noise Amplifier.md
docs/source/Tools/CW503 Probe Power Supply.md
docs/source/Tools/CW505 Planar H-Field Probe.md
docs/source/Tools/CW506 Advanced Breakout Board.md
docs/source/Tools/CW508 SMA Analog Filters.md
docs/source/Tools/PhyWhisperer.md
docs/source/Tools/index.md
docs/source/Tools/Images/20mhzlpf_100khz_100mhz.png
docs/source/Tools/Images/500khzhpf_50khz_100mhz.png
docs/source/Tools/Images/500khzhpf_50khz_5mhz.png
docs/source/Tools/Images/Blockdiagram.png
docs/source/Tools/Images/CANoodler-sch.png
docs/source/Tools/Images/CANoodler.jpg
docs/source/Tools/Images/CW503.jpg
docs/source/Tools/Images/CW505.jpg
docs/source/Tools/Images/Cw501_schematic.png
docs/source/Tools/Images/Cw502_schematic.png
docs/source/Tools/Images/Cw506_annotate1.png
docs/source/Tools/Images/Cw506_dip_nogpio4.jpg
docs/source/Tools/Images/Cw506_route.png
docs/source/Tools/Images/Cw506_vccio.jpg
docs/source/Tools/Images/Cw506_white_medsize.jpg
docs/source/Tools/Images/Cw508_cwpro.jpg
docs/source/Tools/Images/Diffinputs.png
docs/source/Tools/Images/Diffprobe-example.jpg
docs/source/Tools/Images/Diffprobe-psu.jpg
docs/source/Tools/Images/Diffprobe-top-out.jpg
docs/source/Tools/Images/Gndshunt.jpg
docs/source/Tools/Images/Hprobe_lna.jpg
docs/source/Tools/Images/Hprobe_xmega.jpg
docs/source/Tools/Images/Layer1.png
docs/source/Tools/Images/Layer2.png
docs/source/Tools/Images/Layer3.png
docs/source/Tools/Images/Layer4.png
docs/source/Tools/Images/Layers_all.png
docs/source/Tools/Images/Lna-bot.jpg
docs/source/Tools/Images/Lna-top.jpg
docs/source/Tools/Images/Lna_gain.png
docs/source/Tools/Images/NAE-CW506-02-SCH.pdf
docs/source/Tools/Images/NAE-CW506-02_page1.png
docs/source/Tools/Images/NAE-CW506-02_page2.png
docs/source/Tools/Images/Pinout.jpg
docs/source/Tools/Images/phywhisperer_03_back.jpg
docs/source/Tools/Images/phywhisperer_03_front.jpg
docs/source/Tools/Images/phywhisperer_usb_sch04.PDF
docs/source/Tools/Images/pw_angle.jpg
docs/source/Tools/Images/phywhisperer-schematic/phy-sch-01.png
docs/source/Tools/Images/phywhisperer-schematic/phy-sch-02.png
docs/source/Tools/Images/phywhisperer-schematic/phy-sch-03.png
docs/source/Tools/Images/phywhisperer-schematic/phy-sch-04.png
docs/source/Tools/Images/phywhisperer-schematic/phy-sch-05.png
docs/source/Tools/Images/phywhisperer-schematic/phy-sch-06.png
docs/source/Tools/Images/phywhisperer-schematic/phy-sch-07.png
docs/source/Tools/Images/phywhisperer-schematic/phy-sch-08.png
docs/source/_images/Device Manager Correct.png
docs/source/_images/Device Manager.png
docs/source/_images/Jupyter ChipWhisperer.png
docs/source/_images/Uninstall Device.png
docs/source/_images/cdc_password.png
docs/source/_images/chipwhisperer_folder.png
docs/source/_images/cw-compiler-env.png
docs/source/_images/cwlite_basic.png
docs/source/_images/jupyter_example.png
docs/source/_images/password_glitch.png
docs/source/_images/win-installer-1.png
docs/source/_images/win-installer-2.png
docs/source/_images/win-installer-3.png
docs/source/_images/zadig.png
docs/source/_static/backup.css
docs/source/_static/custom.css
docs/source/_static/logo.png
docs/source/_templates/about_short.html
docs/source/_templates/custom.css
docs/source/_templates/testtoc.html
docs/source/figures/comparison.png
docs/source/figures/cwlitepro_clock.png
docs/source/figures/cwlitepro_general.png
docs/source/figures/cwlitepro_general_vccglitch.png
docs/source/figures/cwlitepro_glitch.png
docs/source/figures/cwlitepro_highlevel.png
firmware/fpgas/README.md
firmware/fpgas/aes/README.md
firmware/fpgas/aes/hdl/CW308T_S6LX9_SS.v
firmware/fpgas/aes/hdl/SimpleSerial.v
firmware/fpgas/aes/hdl/UART.v
firmware/fpgas/aes/hdl/clocks.v
firmware/fpgas/aes/hdl/cw305_aes_defines.v
firmware/fpgas/aes/hdl/cw305_reg_aes.v
firmware/fpgas/aes/hdl/cw305_top.v
firmware/fpgas/aes/hdl/cw305_usb_reg_fe.v
firmware/fpgas/aes/hdl/ss2_aes_wrapper.v
firmware/fpgas/aes/hdl/ss2_ice40_aes_top.v
firmware/fpgas/aes/hdl/ss_aes_top.v
firmware/fpgas/aes/hdl/ss_ice40_aes_top.v
firmware/fpgas/aes/icestorm/README.md
firmware/fpgas/aes/icestorm/generate_timestamp.py
firmware/fpgas/aes/icestorm/makefile
firmware/fpgas/aes/icestorm/ss2_ice40_aes_top.bin
firmware/fpgas/aes/icestorm/ss_ice40_aes_top.bin
firmware/fpgas/aes/icestorm/up5k.pcf
firmware/fpgas/aes/ise/CW308T_S6LX9_Example.ucf
firmware/fpgas/aes/ise/cw308t_s6lx9_example.bit
firmware/fpgas/aes/ise/ss_aes_ise.xise
firmware/fpgas/aes/sim/aes.gtkw
firmware/fpgas/aes/sim/cmdfile
firmware/fpgas/aes/sim/makefile
firmware/fpgas/aes/sim/tb.v
firmware/fpgas/aes/sim/tb_cw305_reg_tasks.v
firmware/fpgas/aes/sim/results/.keepdir
firmware/fpgas/aes/vivado/cw305.xdc
firmware/fpgas/aes/vivado/cw305_aes.xpr
firmware/fpgas/aes/vivado/ss2_xc7a35_aes.xpr
firmware/fpgas/aes/vivado/ss_xc7a35_aes.xpr
firmware/fpgas/aes/vivado/xc7a35_ss.xdc
firmware/fpgas/aes/vivado/xc7a35_ss2.xdc
firmware/fpgas/aes/vivado/cw305_aes.runs/impl_100t/cw305_top.bit
firmware/fpgas/aes/vivado/cw305_aes.runs/impl_35t/cw305_top.bit
firmware/fpgas/aes/vivado/ss2_xc7a35_aes.runs/impl_1/ss2_aes_wrapper.bit
firmware/fpgas/aes/vivado/ss_xc7a35_aes.runs/impl_1/ss_aes_top.bit
firmware/fpgas/aes_pipelined/README.md
firmware/fpgas/aes_pipelined/cw305_aes_pipelined_half2_netlist.v
firmware/fpgas/aes_pipelined/hdl/aes_half_pipeline_top.v
firmware/fpgas/aes_pipelined/hdl/aes_half_pipeline_top_fixed.v
firmware/fpgas/aes_pipelined/hdl/aes_pipeline_top.v
firmware/fpgas/aes_pipelined/hdl/aes_round.v
firmware/fpgas/aes_pipelined/hdl/aes_two_rounds.v
firmware/fpgas/aes_pipelined/hdl/cw305_aes_pipelined_defines.v
firmware/fpgas/aes_pipelined/hdl/cw305_aes_pipelined_reg.v
firmware/fpgas/aes_pipelined/hdl/cw305_aes_pipelined_top.v
firmware/fpgas/aes_pipelined/hdl/ss2_aes_pipelined_wrapper.v
firmware/fpgas/aes_pipelined/sim/cmdfile
firmware/fpgas/aes_pipelined/sim/makefile
firmware/fpgas/aes_pipelined/sim/tb.v
firmware/fpgas/aes_pipelined/sim/tb_cw305_reg_tasks.v
firmware/fpgas/aes_pipelined/sim/results/.keepdir
firmware/fpgas/aes_pipelined/vivado/cw305_aes_pipelined.xpr
firmware/fpgas/aes_pipelined/vivado/ss2_xc7a35_aes_pipelined.xpr
firmware/fpgas/aes_pipelined/vivado/cw305_aes_pipelined.runs/impl_full/cw305_aes_pipelined_top.bit
firmware/fpgas/aes_pipelined/vivado/cw305_aes_pipelined.runs/impl_full_35t/cw305_aes_pipelined_top.bit
firmware/fpgas/aes_pipelined/vivado/cw305_aes_pipelined.runs/impl_half1/cw305_aes_pipelined_top.bit
firmware/fpgas/aes_pipelined/vivado/cw305_aes_pipelined.runs/impl_half1_35t/cw305_aes_pipelined_top.bit
firmware/fpgas/aes_pipelined/vivado/cw305_aes_pipelined.runs/impl_half2/cw305_aes_pipelined_top.bit
firmware/fpgas/aes_pipelined/vivado/cw305_aes_pipelined.runs/impl_half2_35t/cw305_aes_pipelined_top.bit
firmware/fpgas/aes_pipelined/vivado/cw305_aes_pipelined.runs/impl_half3/cw305_aes_pipelined_top.bit
firmware/fpgas/aes_pipelined/vivado/cw305_aes_pipelined.runs/impl_half3_35t/cw305_aes_pipelined_top.bit
firmware/fpgas/aes_pipelined/vivado/ss2_xc7a35_aes_pipelined.runs/impl_full/ss2_aes_pipelined_wrapper.bit
firmware/fpgas/aes_pipelined/vivado/ss2_xc7a35_aes_pipelined.runs/impl_half1/ss2_aes_pipelined_wrapper.bit
firmware/fpgas/aes_pipelined/vivado/ss2_xc7a35_aes_pipelined.runs/impl_half2/ss2_aes_pipelined_wrapper.bit
firmware/fpgas/aes_pipelined/vivado/ss2_xc7a35_aes_pipelined.runs/impl_half3/ss2_aes_pipelined_wrapper.bit
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/aes_googlevault/aes_core.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/aes_googlevault/aes_ks.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/aes_googlevault/aes_sbox.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/aes_newae/aes_sbox_lut.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/README.md
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/bench/tb_curve_adder_256.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/bench/tb_curve_doubler_256.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/bench/tb_curve_multiplier_256.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/bench/tb_lowlevel_adder32.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/bench/tb_lowlevel_adder47.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/bench/tb_lowlevel_subtractor32.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/bench/tb_modular_adder.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/bench/tb_modular_invertor.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/bench/tb_modular_multiplier_256.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/bench/tb_modular_subtractor.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/bench/tb_mw_comparator.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/bench/tb_mw_mover.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/ecdsa256.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/ecdsa256_wrapper.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/files
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/curve/curve_dbl_add_256.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/curve/curve_mul_256.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/curve/uop_ecdsa.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/curve/rom/brom_p256_delta.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/curve/rom/brom_p256_g_x.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/curve/rom/brom_p256_g_y.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/curve/rom/brom_p256_h_x.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/curve/rom/brom_p256_h_y.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/curve/rom/brom_p256_one.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/curve/rom/brom_p256_q.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/curve/rom/brom_p256_zero.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/curve/uop/uop_add_rom.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/curve/uop/uop_conv_rom.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/curve/uop/uop_dbl_rom.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/curve/uop/uop_init_rom.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/lowlevel/adder32_wrapper.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/lowlevel/adder47_wrapper.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/lowlevel/ecdsa_lowlevel_settings.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/lowlevel/mac16_wrapper.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/lowlevel/subtractor32_wrapper.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/lowlevel/artix7/adder32_artix7.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/lowlevel/artix7/adder47_artix7.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/lowlevel/artix7/dsp48e1_wrapper.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/lowlevel/artix7/mac16_artix7.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/lowlevel/artix7/subtractor32_artix7.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/lowlevel/generic/adder32_generic.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/lowlevel/generic/adder47_generic.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/lowlevel/generic/mac16_generic.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/lowlevel/generic/subtractor32_generic.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/modular/modular_adder.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/modular/modular_multiplier_256.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/modular/modular_reductor_256.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/modular/modular_subtractor.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/modular/modular_invertor/modinv_clog2.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/modular/modular_invertor/modular_invertor.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/modular/modular_invertor/helper/modinv_helper_copy.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/modular/modular_invertor/helper/modinv_helper_init.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/modular/modular_invertor/helper/modinv_helper_invert_compare.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/modular/modular_invertor/helper/modinv_helper_invert_precalc.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/modular/modular_invertor/helper/modinv_helper_invert_update.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/modular/modular_invertor/helper/modinv_helper_reduce_precalc.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/modular/modular_invertor/helper/modinv_helper_reduce_update.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/multiword/mw_comparator.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/multiword/mw_mover.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/rtl/util/bram_1rw_1ro_readfirst.v
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/sim/basic.gtkw
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/sim/cmdfile
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/sim/makefile
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/sim/results/.keepdir
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/stm32_driver/ecdsa256_driver_sample.c
firmware/fpgas/cryptosrc/cryptech/ecdsa256/stm32_driver/ecdsa_model.h
firmware/fpgas/ecc/README.md
firmware/fpgas/ecc/hdl/cw305_ecc_p256_pmul_top.v
firmware/fpgas/ecc/hdl/cw305_pmul_defines.v
firmware/fpgas/ecc/hdl/cw305_reg_pmul.v
firmware/fpgas/ecc/hdl/ss2_ecc_wrapper.v
firmware/fpgas/ecc/hdl/attempt1/curve_mul_256.v
firmware/fpgas/ecc/hdl/attempt1/cw305_ecc_p256_pmul_top.v
firmware/fpgas/ecc/hdl/attempt1/cw305_reg_pmul.v
firmware/fpgas/ecc/hdl/attempt2/curve_mul_256.v
firmware/fpgas/ecc/hdl/attempt2/cw305_ecc_p256_pmul_top.v
firmware/fpgas/ecc/hdl/attempt2/cw305_reg_pmul.v
firmware/fpgas/ecc/hdl/attempt3/curve_mul_256.v
firmware/fpgas/ecc/hdl/attempt3/cw305_ecc_p256_pmul_top.v
firmware/fpgas/ecc/hdl/attempt3/cw305_reg_pmul.v
firmware/fpgas/ecc/hdl/attempt3/lfsr.v
firmware/fpgas/ecc/hdl/attempt3/noise_memories.v
firmware/fpgas/ecc/hdl/attempt4/cw305_ecc_p256_pmul_top.v
firmware/fpgas/ecc/hdl/attempt4/cw305_reg_pmul.v
firmware/fpgas/ecc/sim/basic.gtkw
firmware/fpgas/ecc/sim/cmdfile
firmware/fpgas/ecc/sim/makefile
firmware/fpgas/ecc/sim/tb.v
firmware/fpgas/ecc/sim/tb_cw305_reg_tasks.v
firmware/fpgas/ecc/sim/results/.keepdir
firmware/fpgas/ecc/vivado/cw305.xdc
firmware/fpgas/ecc/vivado/cw305_ecc.xpr
firmware/fpgas/ecc/vivado/cw305_ecc_attempt1.xpr
firmware/fpgas/ecc/vivado/cw305_ecc_attempt2.xpr
firmware/fpgas/ecc/vivado/cw305_ecc_attempt3.xpr
firmware/fpgas/ecc/vivado/cw305_ecc_attempt4.xpr
firmware/fpgas/ecc/vivado/ss2_xc7a35_ecc.xpr
firmware/fpgas/ecc/vivado/ss2_xc7a35_ecc_attempt1.xpr
firmware/fpgas/ecc/vivado/ss2_xc7a35_ecc_attempt2.xpr
firmware/fpgas/ecc/vivado/ss2_xc7a35_ecc_attempt4.xpr
firmware/fpgas/ecc/vivado/xc7a35_ss2.xdc
firmware/fpgas/ecc/vivado/cw305_ecc.runs/impl_100t/cw305_ecc_p256_pmul_top.bit
firmware/fpgas/ecc/vivado/cw305_ecc.runs/impl_35t/cw305_ecc_p256_pmul_top.bit
firmware/fpgas/ecc/vivado/cw305_ecc_attempt1.runs/impl_100t/cw305_ecc_p256_pmul_top.bit
firmware/fpgas/ecc/vivado/cw305_ecc_attempt1.runs/impl_35t/cw305_ecc_p256_pmul_top.bit
firmware/fpgas/ecc/vivado/cw305_ecc_attempt2.runs/impl_100t/cw305_ecc_p256_pmul_top.bit
firmware/fpgas/ecc/vivado/cw305_ecc_attempt2.runs/impl_35t/cw305_ecc_p256_pmul_top.bit
firmware/fpgas/ecc/vivado/cw305_ecc_attempt3.runs/impl_100t/cw305_ecc_p256_pmul_top.bit
firmware/fpgas/ecc/vivado/cw305_ecc_attempt4.runs/impl_100t/cw305_ecc_p256_pmul_top.bit
firmware/fpgas/ecc/vivado/cw305_ecc_attempt4.runs/impl_35t/cw305_ecc_p256_pmul_top.bit
firmware/fpgas/ecc/vivado/ss2_xc7a35_ecc.runs/impl_35t/ss2_ecc_wrapper.bit
firmware/fpgas/ecc/vivado/ss2_xc7a35_ecc_attempt1.runs/impl_35t/ss2_ecc_wrapper.bit
firmware/fpgas/ecc/vivado/ss2_xc7a35_ecc_attempt2.runs/impl_35t/ss2_ecc_wrapper.bit
firmware/fpgas/ecc/vivado/ss2_xc7a35_ecc_attempt4.runs/impl_35t/ss2_ecc_wrapper.bit
firmware/fpgas/spiflash_feedthrough/README.md
firmware/fpgas/spiflash_feedthrough/spiflash_feedthrough.xpr
firmware/fpgas/spiflash_feedthrough/spiflash_feedthrough.runs/impl_100t/cw305_top.bit
firmware/fpgas/spiflash_feedthrough/spiflash_feedthrough.runs/impl_35t/cw305_top.bit
firmware/fpgas/spiflash_feedthrough/spiflash_feedthrough.srcs/constrs_1/new/cw305.xdc
firmware/fpgas/spiflash_feedthrough/spiflash_feedthrough.srcs/sources_1/new/board.v
firmware/mcu/Makefile.inc
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/Makefile
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/aes.c
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/crypto.h
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/crypto_driver.c
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/glitchloop.c
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/main.c
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/modules.h
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/passcheck.c
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/print.c
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/secret_pass.h
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/simpleserial.c
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/simpleserial.h
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/tea.c
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/utility.h
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/xor.c
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/build/aes.asm
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/build/aes.rel
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/build/aes.rst
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/build/aes_crypto.asm
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/build/aes_crypto.rel
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/build/aes_crypto.rst
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/build/glitchloop.asm
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/build/glitchloop.rel
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/build/glitchloop.rst
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/build/main.asm
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/build/main.lk
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/build/main.mem
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/build/main.rel
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/build/main.rst
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/build/passcheck.asm
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/build/passcheck.rel
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/build/passcheck.rst
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/build/print.asm
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/build/print.rel
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/build/print.rst
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/build/simpleserial.asm
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/build/simpleserial.rel
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/build/simpleserial.rst
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/build/tea.asm
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/build/tea.rel
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/build/tea.rst
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/build/xor.asm
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/build/xor.rel
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/combined/build/xor.rst
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/glitch_loop/Makefile
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/glitch_loop/glitch_loop.c
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/glitch_loop/glitch_loop.h
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/glitch_loop/main.c
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/glitch_loop/build/glitch_loop.asm
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/glitch_loop/build/glitch_loop.rel
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/glitch_loop/build/glitch_loop.rst
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/glitch_loop/build/main.asm
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/glitch_loop/build/main.lk
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/glitch_loop/build/main.mem
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/glitch_loop/build/main.rel
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/glitch_loop/build/main.rst
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/glitch_loop/build/pass_check.asm
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/glitch_loop/build/pass_check.rel
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/glitch_loop/build/pass_check.rst
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/increment_table/encryption_table.txt
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/pass_check/Makefile
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/pass_check/main.c
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/pass_check/pass_check.c
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/pass_check/pass_check.h
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/pass_check/secret.h
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/pass_check/build/main.asm
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/pass_check/build/main.lk
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/pass_check/build/main.mem
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/pass_check/build/main.rel
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/pass_check/build/main.rst
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/pass_check/build/pass_check.asm
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/pass_check/build/pass_check.rel
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/pass_check/build/pass_check.rst
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/rand/random_data.txt
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/rand/random_enctable.txt
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_aes/Makefile
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_aes/aes.c
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_aes/aes.h
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_aes/main.c
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_aes/simpleserial.c
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_aes/simpleserial.h
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_aes/build/aes.asm
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_aes/build/aes.rel
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_aes/build/aes.rst
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_aes/build/main.asm
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_aes/build/main.lk
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_aes/build/main.mem
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_aes/build/main.rel
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_aes/build/main.rst
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_aes/build/simpleserial.asm
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_aes/build/simpleserial.rel
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_aes/build/simpleserial.rst
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_tea/Makefile
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_tea/main.c
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_tea/simpleserial.c
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_tea/simpleserial.h
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_tea/tea.c
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_tea/tea.h
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_tea/build/aes.asm
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_tea/build/aes.rel
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_tea/build/aes.rst
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_tea/build/main.asm
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_tea/build/main.lk
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_tea/build/main.mem
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_tea/build/main.rel
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_tea/build/main.rst
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_tea/build/simpleserial.asm
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_tea/build/simpleserial.rel
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_tea/build/simpleserial.rst
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_tea/build/tea.asm
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_tea/build/tea.rel
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_tea/build/tea.rst
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_xor/Makefile
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_xor/main.c
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_xor/simpleserial.c
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_xor/simpleserial.h
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_xor/xor.c
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_xor/xor.h
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_xor/build/main.asm
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_xor/build/main.lk
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_xor/build/main.mem
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_xor/build/main.rel
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_xor/build/main.rst
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_xor/build/simpleserial.asm
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_xor/build/simpleserial.rel
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_xor/build/simpleserial.rst
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_xor/build/xor.asm
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_xor/build/xor.rel
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/ss_xor/build/xor.rst
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/test_print/Makefile
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/test_print/description.txt
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/test_print/main.c
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/test_print/build/glitch_loop.asm
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/test_print/build/glitch_loop.rel
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/test_print/build/glitch_loop.rst
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/test_print/build/main.asm
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/test_print/build/main.lk
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/test_print/build/main.mem
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/test_print/build/main.rel
firmware/mcu/87c51/87c51/test_print/build/main.rst
firmware/mcu/87c51/avr/87c51_avr_fw/87c51_avr_fw.atsln
firmware/mcu/87c51/avr/87c51_avr_fw/.vs/87c51_avr_fw/v14/.atsuo
firmware/mcu/87c51/avr/87c51_avr_fw/87c51_avr_fw/87c51_avr_fw.componentinfo.xml
firmware/mcu/87c51/avr/87c51_avr_fw/87c51_avr_fw/87c51_avr_fw.cproj
firmware/mcu/87c51/avr/87c51_avr_fw/87c51_avr_fw/main.c
firmware/mcu/87c51/avr/87c51_avr_fw/87c51_avr_fw/simpleserial.c
firmware/mcu/87c51/avr/87c51_avr_fw/87c51_avr_fw/simpleserial.h
firmware/mcu/87c51/avr/87c51_avr_fw/87c51_avr_fw/uart.c
firmware/mcu/87c51/avr/87c51_avr_fw/87c51_avr_fw/uart.h
firmware/mcu/87c51/avr/87c51_avr_fw/87c51_avr_fw/utilities.c
firmware/mcu/87c51/avr/87c51_avr_fw/87c51_avr_fw/utilities.h
firmware/mcu/87c51/avr/87c51_avr_fw/87c51_avr_fw/verify.c
firmware/mcu/87c51/avr/87c51_avr_fw/87c51_avr_fw/verify.h
firmware/mcu/87c51/avr/87c51_avr_fw/87c51_avr_fw/Debug/87c51_avr_fw.srec
firmware/mcu/87c51/avr/87c51_avr_fw/87c51_avr_fw/Debug/Makefile
firmware/mcu/87c51/avr/87c51_avr_fw/87c51_avr_fw/Debug/asm.txt
firmware/mcu/87c51/avr/87c51_avr_fw/87c51_avr_fw/Debug/makedep.mk
firmware/mcu/CEC1702/__Lib_AES_defines.h
firmware/mcu/CEC1702/hal.h
firmware/mcu/CEC1702/microchip_spi_flash.xml
firmware/mcu/CEC1702/simpleserial.c
firmware/mcu/CEC1702/simpleserial.h
firmware/mcu/CEC1702/simpleserial_base.c
firmware/mcu/CEC1702/simpleserial_base.mcpar
firmware/mcu/basic-passwdcheck/basic-passwdcheck.c
firmware/mcu/basic-passwdcheck/makefile
firmware/mcu/bootloader-aes256/aes256.c
firmware/mcu/bootloader-aes256/aes256.h
firmware/mcu/bootloader-aes256/bootloader.c
firmware/mcu/bootloader-aes256/checksum.h
firmware/mcu/bootloader-aes256/crcccitt.c
firmware/mcu/bootloader-aes256/makefile
firmware/mcu/bootloader-aes256/supersecret.h
firmware/mcu/bootloader-aes256/objdir/aes256.su
firmware/mcu/bootloader-aes256/objdir/bootloader.su
firmware/mcu/bootloader-aes256/objdir/crcccitt.su
firmware/mcu/bootloader-aes256/objdir/simpleserial.su
firmware/mcu/bootloader-aes256/objdir/stm32f0_hal_lowlevel.su
firmware/mcu/bootloader-aes256/objdir/stm32f0_hal_nano.su
firmware/mcu/bootloader-aesccm/bootloader.c
firmware/mcu/bootloader-aesccm/makefile
firmware/mcu/bootloader-aesccm/supersecret.h
firmware/mcu/bootloader-glitch/bootloader.c
firmware/mcu/bootloader-glitch/decryption.c
firmware/mcu/bootloader-glitch/decryption.h
firmware/mcu/bootloader-glitch/encrypt.py
firmware/mcu/bootloader-glitch/makefile
firmware/mcu/crypto/Makefile.avrcryptolib
firmware/mcu/crypto/Makefile.crypto
firmware/mcu/crypto/Makefile.maskedaes
firmware/mcu/crypto/Makefile.mbedtls
firmware/mcu/crypto/Makefile.micro-ecc
firmware/mcu/crypto/Makefile.straightforward-aes
firmware/mcu/crypto/Makefile.tinyaes128c
firmware/mcu/crypto/aes-independant.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/aes-independant.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/.bzrignore
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/AVR-Crypto-Lib-logo+text.svg
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/AVR-Crypto-Lib-logo.svg
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/COPYING
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/COPYING.gpl2
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/COPYING.gpl3
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/Doxyfile
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/LICENSE
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/LICENSE.gpl2
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/LICENSE.gpl3
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/Makefile_en21
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/Makefile_en21_conf.inc
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/Makefile_m644
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/Makefile_m644_conf.inc
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/Makefile_main.inc
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/Makefile_sys_conf.inc
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/USAGE.blockciphers
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/USAGE.hashfunctions
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/USAGE.streamciphers
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/__gmsl
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/avr-asm-macros.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/avr-makefile.inc
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/blockcipher_descriptor.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/debug.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/gmsl
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/gmsl-tests
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hashfunction_descriptor.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/keysize_descriptor.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/keysize_descriptor.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/main.dox
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/sha3-api.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/stack_measuring.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/stack_measuring.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/streamcipher_descriptor.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/string-extras.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/testport.conf
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/a51/A5_1.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/a51/A5_1.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/aes/aes.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/aes/aes128_dec.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/aes/aes128_dec.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/aes/aes128_enc.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/aes/aes128_enc.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/aes/aes192_dec.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/aes/aes192_dec.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/aes/aes192_enc.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/aes/aes192_enc.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/aes/aes256_dec.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/aes/aes256_dec.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/aes/aes256_enc.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/aes/aes256_enc.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/aes/aes_dec-asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/aes/aes_dec-asm_faster.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/aes/aes_dec.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/aes/aes_dec.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/aes/aes_enc-asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/aes/aes_enc.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/aes/aes_enc.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/aes/aes_invsbox-asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/aes/aes_invsbox.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/aes/aes_invsbox.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/aes/aes_keyschedule-asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/aes/aes_keyschedule.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/aes/aes_keyschedule.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/aes/aes_sbox-asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/aes/aes_sbox.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/aes/aes_sbox.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/aes/aes_types.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/arcfour/arcfour-asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/arcfour/arcfour.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/arcfour/arcfour.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/base64/base64_dec.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/base64/base64_dec.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/base64/base64_enc.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/base64/base64_enc.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal-basic.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal-basic.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal-cbc.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal-cbc.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal-cfb_bit.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal-cfb_bit.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal-cfb_byte.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal-cfb_byte.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal-cmac.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal-cmac.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal-ctr.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal-ctr.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal-eax.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal-eax.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal-nessie.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal-nessie.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal-ofb.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal-ofb.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal-performance.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal-performance.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_aes128.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_aes128.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_aes192.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_aes192.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_aes256.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_aes256.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_camellia128.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_camellia128.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_cast5.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_cast5.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_cast6.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_cast6.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_cscipher.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_cscipher.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_des.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_des.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_khazad.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_khazad.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_noekeon.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_noekeon.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_present128.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_present128.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_present80.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_present80.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_rc5.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_rc5.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_rc6.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_rc6.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_seed.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_seed.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_serpent.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_serpent.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_skipjack.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_skipjack.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_tdes.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_tdes.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_tdes2.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_tdes2.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_threefish1024.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_threefish1024.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_threefish256.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_threefish256.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_threefish512.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_threefish512.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_xtea.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/bcal_xtea.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bcal/mov1.sed
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bigint/bigint-stub.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bigint/bigint.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bigint/bigint.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bigint/bigint_add_u.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bigint/bigint_adjust.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bigint/bigint_asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bigint/bigint_io.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bigint/bigint_io.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/blake/blake_common.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/blake/blake_common.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/blake/blake_large.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/blake/blake_large.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/blake/blake_small.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/blake/blake_small.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bmw/bmw_224-tinyasm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bmw/bmw_256-tinyasm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bmw/bmw_large.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bmw/bmw_large.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bmw/bmw_small-asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bmw/bmw_small-tinyasm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bmw/bmw_small.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bmw/bmw_small.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/bmw/f0-opt-table.txt
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/camellia/camellia-asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/camellia/camellia.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/camellia/camellia128-stub.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/camellia/camellia_C.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/cast5/cast5-sbox.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/cast5/cast5-sbox.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/cast5/cast5.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/cast5/cast5.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/cast6/cast6-sbox.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/cast6/cast6-sbox.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/cast6/cast6.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/cast6/cast6.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/cscipher/cscipher.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/cscipher/cscipher_sbox.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/cscipher/cscipher_sbox.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/cscipher/cscipher_small.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/cscipher/cscipher_tiny_asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/cscipher/sbox_check.rb
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/cubehash/cubehash.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/cubehash/cubehash.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/cubehash/cubehash_rotates.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/cubehash/cubehash_rotates.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/cubehash/xchg.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/cubehash/xchg.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/des/des.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/des/des.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/doc/acl-guide.texi
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/doc/acl_blockciphers.texi
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/doc/acl_hashes.texi
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/doc/acl_keysizes.texi
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/doc/acl_streamciphers.texi
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/dsa/dsa.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/dsa/dsa_key_blob.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/dsa/dsa_key_blob.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/dsa/dsa_sign.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/dsa/dsa_verify.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/echo/aes_enc_round-asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/echo/aes_enc_round.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/echo/echo.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/echo/echo.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/entropium/entropium.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/entropium/entropium.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/gf256mul/gf256mul.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/gf256mul/gf256mul.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/grain/grain.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/grain/grain.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/groestl/groestl_large.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/groestl/groestl_large.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/groestl/groestl_small.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/groestl/groestl_small.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal-basic.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal-basic.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal-hmac.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal-hmac.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal-nessie.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal-nessie.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal-performance.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal-performance.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal-test.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_blake_large.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_blake_large.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_blake_small.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_blake_small.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_bmw_large.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_bmw_large.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_bmw_small.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_bmw_small.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_cubehash.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_cubehash.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_echo.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_echo.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_groestl_large.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_groestl_large.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_groestl_small.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_groestl_small.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_jh.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_jh.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_keccak.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_keccak.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_md5.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_md5.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_sha1.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_sha1.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_sha224.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_sha224.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_sha256.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_sha256.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_sha384.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_sha384.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_sha512.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_sha512.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_shabal.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_shabal.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_skein1024.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_skein1024.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_skein256.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_skein256.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_skein512.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_skein512.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_twister224.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_twister224.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_twister256.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_twister256.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_twister384.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_twister384.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_twister512.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_twister512.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_whirlpool.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_whirlpool.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_whirlpool_0.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_whirlpool_0.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_whirlpool_t.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hfal/hfal_whirlpool_t.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hmac-md5/hmac-md5.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hmac-md5/hmac-md5.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hmac-sha1/hmac-sha1.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hmac-sha1/hmac-sha1.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hmac-sha256/hmac-sha256.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/hmac-sha256/hmac-sha256.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/host/bigint_test.rb
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/host/cmacvs_test.rb
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/host/data2wiki.rb
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/host/fix-wiki-size.rb
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/host/get_performance.rb
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/host/get_test.rb
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/host/gf256_table_gen.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/host/gf256mul.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/host/nessie_check.rb
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/host/optimize_shift.rb
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/host/shavs_test2.rb
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/host/sumsize.rb
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/host/threefish_helper.rb
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/jh/jh_simple.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/jh/jh_simple_aux.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/jh/jh_simple_small_core.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/jh/jh_simple_speed_core.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/jh/jh_tablegen.rb
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/jh/jh_tables.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/jh/jh_tables.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/keccak/keccak.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/keccak/keccak.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/keccak/rotate64.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/keccak/rotate64.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/khazad/khazad.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/khazad/khazad.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/md5/md5-asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/md5/md5.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/md5/md5.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/md5/md5_sbox.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/md5/md5_sbox.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/memxor/memxor.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/memxor/memxor.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/memxor/memxor_c.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/memxor/memxor_p.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mgf1/mgf1.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mgf1/mgf1.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mickey128/mickey128.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mickey128/mickey128.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/001_bcal_std.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/001_cli_std.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/001_hfal_std.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/001_scal_std.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/a5_1.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/aes.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/aes128.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/aes192.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/aes256.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/aes_asm_faster.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/aes_c.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/arcfour.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/arcfour_c.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/base64.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/bigint.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/blake_c.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/bmw.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/bmw_c.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/bmw_tiny.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/bmw_tiny_sep.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/camellia.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/camellia_c.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/cast5.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/cast6.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/cscipher_small_c.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/cscipher_tiny.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/cscipher_tiny_c.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/cubehash_c.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/des.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/dsa.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/echo_c.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/entropium.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/grain.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/groestl_c.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/hmac-md5.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/hmac-sha1.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/hmac-sha256.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/jh_simple_small_c.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/jh_simple_speed_c.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/keccak_c.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/khazad_small_c.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/md5.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/md5_c.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/mickey128.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/mqq160-sign.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/mqq160-sign_c.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/mugi.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/noekeon.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/noekeon_c.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/omac_noekeon.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/omac_noekeon_c.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/present.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/rabbit_c.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/rabbit_estream_c.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/rc5.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/rc6.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/rsaes_oaep.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/rsaes_pkcs1v15.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/salsa20_c.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/seed.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/seed_C.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/serpent-bitslice.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/serpent_asm_bitslice.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/serpent_asm_fast.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/serpent_asm_small.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/serpent_c.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/sha1.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/sha1_c.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/sha256.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/sha256_c.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/sha2_c.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/shabal.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/shabal_c.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/shabea.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/shacal1enc.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/shacal2enc.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/skein.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/skein_c.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/skipjack.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/skipjack_nessie.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/skipjack_nofix.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/tdes.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/threefish.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/threefish_C.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/threefish_small.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/trivium.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/twister.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/twister_c.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/ubi.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/ubi_c.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/whirlpool_0_fast_c.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/whirlpool_fast_c.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/whirlpool_small_c.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/whirlpool_t_fast_c.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/whirlpool_t_small_c.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/xtea.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/xtea_c.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mkfiles/xtea_new.mk
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mqq-sign/mqq160-sign-asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mqq-sign/mqq160-sign.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mqq-sign/mqq160-sign.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mqq-sign/mqq160-sign_P-asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mqq-sign/mqq160-sign_P-stub.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mqq-sign/mqq160-sign_P.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mqq-sign/mqq160-sign_P.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mqq-sign/mqq160-sign_testkey.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mqq-sign/mqq160-sign_testkey.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mugi/mugi.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/mugi/mugi.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/noekeon/noekeon.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/noekeon/noekeon.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/noekeon/noekeon_asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/noekeon/noekeon_cbc_enc.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/noekeon/noekeon_cbc_enc.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/noekeon/noekeon_ctr.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/noekeon/noekeon_ctr.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/noekeon/noekeon_prng.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/noekeon/noekeon_prng.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/noekeon/omac_noekeon.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/noekeon/omac_noekeon.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/noekeon/omac_noekeon_C.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/present/present128.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/present/present128.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/present/present80.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/present/present80.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/present/present_common.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/present/present_common.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/present/present_speed.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/present/present_speed.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/rabbit/rabbit.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/rabbit/rabbit_c.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/rc5/rc5.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/rc5/rc5.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/rc6/rc6.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/rc6/rc6.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/rsa/random_dummy.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/rsa/random_dummy.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/rsa/random_message_1024
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/rsa/random_message_1024.enc
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/rsa/random_message_1024.plain
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/rsa/rsa_basic.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/rsa/rsa_basic.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/rsa/rsa_der_structure
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/rsa/rsa_privatekey_1024.ascii
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/rsa/rsa_privatekey_2048.ascii
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/rsa/rsa_privatekey_2048.der
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/rsa/rsa_publickey_2048.ascii
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/rsa/rsa_publickey_2048.der
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/rsa/rsaes_oaep.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/rsa/rsaes_oaep.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/rsa/rsaes_pkcs1v15.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/rsa/rsaes_pkcs1v15.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/salsa20/salsa20.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/salsa20/salsa20.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/scal/scal-basic.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/scal/scal-basic.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/scal/scal-nessie.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/scal/scal-nessie.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/scal/scal_arcfour.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/scal/scal_arcfour.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/scal/scal_grain.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/scal/scal_grain.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/scal/scal_mickey128.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/scal/scal_mickey128.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/scal/scal_rabbit.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/scal/scal_rabbit.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/scal/scal_salsa20.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/scal/scal_salsa20.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/scal/scal_trivium.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/scal/scal_trivium.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/seed/seed-asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/seed/seed.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/seed/seed_C.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/seed/seed_sbox.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/seed/seed_sbox.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/serpent/serpent-asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/serpent/serpent-sboxes-bitslice-asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/serpent/serpent-sboxes-bitslice.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/serpent/serpent-sboxes-fast.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/serpent/serpent-sboxes-small.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/serpent/serpent-sboxes.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/serpent/serpent-sboxes_c.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/serpent/serpent.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/serpent/serpent.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/sha1/sha1-asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/sha1/sha1.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/sha1/sha1.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/sha2/sha224.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/sha2/sha224.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/sha2/sha256.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/sha2/sha256.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/sha2/sha2_large_common.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/sha2/sha2_large_common.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/sha2/sha2_small_common.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/sha2/sha2_small_common.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/sha2/sha384.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/sha2/sha384.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/sha2/sha512.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/sha2/sha512.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/sha256/sha256-asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/sha256/sha256.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/sha256/sha256.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/shabal/shabal-asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/shabal/shabal.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/shabal/shabal.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/shabal/shabal192-asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/shabal/shabal192.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/shabal/shabal224-asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/shabal/shabal224.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/shabal/shabal256-asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/shabal/shabal256.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/shabal/shabal384-asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/shabal/shabal384.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/shabal/shabal512-asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/shabal/shabal512.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/shabal/shabal_shorttest.log
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/shabal/shabal_shorttest.log.ps
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/shabea/shabea.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/shabea/shabea.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/shacal1/shacal1_enc.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/shacal1/shacal1_enc.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/shacal2/shacal2_enc.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/shacal2/shacal2_enc.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/skein/skein-speed.log
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/skein/skein.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/skein/skein1024.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/skein/skein1024_asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/skein/skein256.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/skein/skein256_asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/skein/skein512.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/skein/skein512_asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/skein/skein_algo_list.txt
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/skein/threefish.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/skein/threefish1024_dec.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/skein/threefish1024_dec_asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/skein/threefish1024_dec_cstub.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/skein/threefish1024_enc.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/skein/threefish1024_enc_asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/skein/threefish256_dec.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/skein/threefish256_dec_asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/skein/threefish256_dec_cstub.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/skein/threefish256_enc.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/skein/threefish256_enc_asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/skein/threefish256_enc_small.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/skein/threefish512_dec.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/skein/threefish512_dec_asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/skein/threefish512_dec_cstub.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/skein/threefish512_enc.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/skein/threefish512_enc_asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/skein/threefish_invmix.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/skein/threefish_invmix_4c.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/skein/threefish_invmix_c.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/skein/threefish_mix.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/skein/threefish_mix_4c.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/skein/threefish_mix_c.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/skein/ubi.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/skein/ubi1024.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/skein/ubi1024_asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/skein/ubi256.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/skein/ubi256_asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/skein/ubi512.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/skein/ubi512_asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/skipjack/skipjack.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/skipjack/skipjack.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/skipjack/skipjack_nofix.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/avr-asm-macros.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/circularbytebuffer-asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/circularbytebuffer.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/cli-basics.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/cli-core.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/cli-hexdump.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/cli-stub.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/cli.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/cmacvs.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/cmacvs.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/config.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/dbz_strings.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/dbz_strings.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/debug.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/dump-asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/dump-decl.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/dump.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/hexdigit_tab.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/hexdigit_tab.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/hexdigit_tab_c.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-a5_1-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-aes-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-aes128-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-aes192-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-aes256-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-arcfour-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-base64-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-bigint-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-blake-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-bmw-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-camellia-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-cast5-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-cast6-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-cscipher-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-cubehash-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-des-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-dsa-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-echo-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-entropium-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-grain-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-groestl-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-hmac-md5-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-hmac-sha1-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-hmac-sha256-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-jh-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-keccak-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-khazad-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-md5-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-mickey128-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-mqq160-sign-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-mugi-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-noekeon-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-omac-noekeon-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-present-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-rabbit-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-rc5-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-rc6-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-rsaes_oaep-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-rsaes_pkcs1v15-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-salsa20-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-seed-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-serpent-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-sha1-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-sha2-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-sha256-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-shabal-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-shabea-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-shacal1_enc-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-shacal2_enc-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-skein-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-skipjack-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-tdes-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-test-common.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-test-common.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-threefish-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-trivium-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-twister-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-ubi-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-whirlpool-0-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-whirlpool-t-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-whirlpool-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/main-xtea-test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/nessie_bc_test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/nessie_bc_test.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/nessie_common.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/nessie_common.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/nessie_hash_test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/nessie_hash_test.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/nessie_mac_test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/nessie_mac_test.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/nessie_stream_test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/nessie_stream_test.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/performance_test.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/performance_test.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/setbaud_asm.inc
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/shavs.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/shavs.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/string-extras-asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/string-extras.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/uart_defs.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/uart_i-asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/test_src/uart_i.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/testconf/AES_CMAC.conf
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/testconf/Blake.conf
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/testconf/BlueMidnightWish.conf
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/testconf/CubeHash.conf
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/testconf/Echo.conf
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/testconf/Groestl.conf
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/testconf/JH.conf
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/testconf/Keccak.conf
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/testconf/Sha1.conf
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/testconf/Sha256.conf
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/testconf/Shabal.conf
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/testconf/Skein.conf
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/testconf/Twister.conf
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/testvectors/DELETED.txt
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/trivium/trivium.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/trivium/trivium.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/twister/twister-asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/twister/twister-asm.S_shiftmul
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/twister/twister-large-asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/twister/twister-large.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/twister/twister-large.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/twister/twister-sha3api.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/twister/twister-sha3api.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/twister/twister-small-asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/twister/twister-small-stub.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/twister/twister-small.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/twister/twister-small.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/twister/twister-speed.log
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/twister/twister.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/twister/twister.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/twister/twister224.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/twister/twister256.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/twister/twister384.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/twister/twister512.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/twister/twister_ref.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/twister/twister_tables.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/twister/twister_tables.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/whirlpool/whirlpool.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/whirlpool/whirlpool.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/xtea/xtea-asm.S
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/xtea/xtea.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/avrcryptolib/xtea/xtea.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/LICENSE
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/README.md
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/.gitignore
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/CMakeLists.txt
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/aes.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/aesni.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/arc4.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/asn1.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/asn1write.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/base64.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/bignum.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/blowfish.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/bn_mul.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/camellia.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/ccm.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/certs.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/check_config.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/cipher.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/cipher_internal.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/cmac.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/compat-1.3.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/config.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/ctr_drbg.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/debug.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/des.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/dhm.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/ecdh.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/ecdsa.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/ecjpake.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/ecp.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/ecp_internal.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/entropy.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/entropy_poll.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/error.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/gcm.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/havege.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/hmac_drbg.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/md.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/md2.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/md4.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/md5.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/md_internal.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/memory_buffer_alloc.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/net.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/net_sockets.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/oid.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/padlock.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/pem.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/pk.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/pk_internal.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/pkcs11.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/pkcs12.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/pkcs5.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/platform.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/platform_time.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/ripemd160.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/rsa.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/sha1.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/sha256.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/sha512.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/ssl.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/ssl_cache.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/ssl_ciphersuites.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/ssl_cookie.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/ssl_internal.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/ssl_ticket.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/threading.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/timing.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/version.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/x509.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/x509_crl.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/x509_crt.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/x509_csr.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/xtea.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/.gitignore
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/CMakeLists.txt
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/Makefile
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/aes.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/aesni.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/arc4.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/asn1parse.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/asn1write.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/base64.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/bignum.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/blowfish.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/camellia.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/ccm.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/certs.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/cipher.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/cipher_wrap.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/cmac.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/ctr_drbg.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/debug.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/des.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/dhm.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/ecdh.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/ecdsa.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/ecjpake.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/ecp.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/ecp_curves.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/entropy.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/entropy_poll.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/error.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/gcm.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/havege.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/hmac_drbg.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/md.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/md2.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/md4.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/md5.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/md_wrap.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/memory_buffer_alloc.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/net_sockets.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/oid.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/padlock.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/pem.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/pk.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/pk_wrap.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/pkcs11.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/pkcs12.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/pkcs5.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/pkparse.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/pkwrite.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/platform.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/ripemd160.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/rsa.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/sha1.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/sha256.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/sha512.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/ssl_cache.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/ssl_ciphersuites.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/ssl_cli.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/ssl_cookie.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/ssl_srv.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/ssl_ticket.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/ssl_tls.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/threading.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/timing.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/version.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/version_features.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/x509.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/x509_create.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/x509_crl.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/x509_crt.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/x509_csr.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/x509write_crt.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/x509write_csr.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/mbedtls/library/xtea.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/micro-ecc/LICENSE.txt
firmware/mcu/crypto/micro-ecc/README
firmware/mcu/crypto/micro-ecc/README.md
firmware/mcu/crypto/micro-ecc/asm_arm.inc
firmware/mcu/crypto/micro-ecc/asm_arm_mult_square.inc
firmware/mcu/crypto/micro-ecc/asm_arm_mult_square_umaal.inc
firmware/mcu/crypto/micro-ecc/asm_avr.inc
firmware/mcu/crypto/micro-ecc/asm_avr_mult_square.inc
firmware/mcu/crypto/micro-ecc/curve-specific.inc
firmware/mcu/crypto/micro-ecc/emk_project.py
firmware/mcu/crypto/micro-ecc/emk_rules.py
firmware/mcu/crypto/micro-ecc/library.properties
firmware/mcu/crypto/micro-ecc/platform-specific.inc
firmware/mcu/crypto/micro-ecc/types.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/micro-ecc/uECC.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/micro-ecc/uECC.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/micro-ecc/uECC_vli.h
firmware/mcu/crypto/micro-ecc/examples/ecc_test/ecc_test.ino
firmware/mcu/crypto/micro-ecc/scripts/mult_arm.py
firmware/mcu/crypto/micro-ecc/scripts/mult_avr.py
firmware/mcu/crypto/micro-ecc/scripts/mult_avr_extra.py
firmware/mcu/crypto/micro-ecc/scripts/square_arm.py
firmware/mcu/crypto/micro-ecc/scripts/square_avr.py
firmware/mcu/crypto/micro-ecc/test/emk_rules.py
firmware/mcu/crypto/micro-ecc/test/test_compress.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/micro-ecc/test/test_compute.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/micro-ecc/test/test_ecdh.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/micro-ecc/test/test_ecdsa.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/micro-ecc/test/test_ecdsa_deterministic.c.example
firmware/mcu/crypto/tiny-AES128-C/aes.c
firmware/mcu/crypto/tiny-AES128-C/aes.h
firmware/mcu/glitch-simple/glitchsimple.c
firmware/mcu/glitch-simple/makefile
firmware/mcu/hal/Makefile.hal
firmware/mcu/hal/PLATFORM_INCLUDE.mk
firmware/mcu/hal/hal.c
firmware/mcu/hal/hal.h
firmware/mcu/hal/avr/Makefile.avr
firmware/mcu/hal/avr/avr_hal.h
firmware/mcu/hal/avr/uart.c
firmware/mcu/hal/avr/uart.h
firmware/mcu/hal/ibex/LICENSE
firmware/mcu/hal/ibex/Makefile.ibex
firmware/mcu/hal/ibex/README
firmware/mcu/hal/ibex/crt0.S
firmware/mcu/hal/ibex/demo_system.c
firmware/mcu/hal/ibex/demo_system.h
firmware/mcu/hal/ibex/demo_system_regs.h
firmware/mcu/hal/ibex/dev_access.h
firmware/mcu/hal/ibex/gpio.c
firmware/mcu/hal/ibex/gpio.h
firmware/mcu/hal/ibex/ibex_hal.c
firmware/mcu/hal/ibex/ibex_hal.h
firmware/mcu/hal/ibex/link.ld
firmware/mcu/hal/ibex/pwm.c
firmware/mcu/hal/ibex/pwm.h
firmware/mcu/hal/ibex/spi.c
firmware/mcu/hal/ibex/spi.h
firmware/mcu/hal/ibex/timer.c
firmware/mcu/hal/ibex/timer.h
firmware/mcu/hal/ibex/uart.c
firmware/mcu/hal/ibex/uart.h
firmware/mcu/hal/neorv32/Makefile.neorv32
firmware/mcu/hal/neorv32/crt0.S
firmware/mcu/hal/neorv32/neorv32.h
firmware/mcu/hal/neorv32/neorv32.ld
firmware/mcu/hal/neorv32/neorv32_cfs.c
firmware/mcu/hal/neorv32/neorv32_cfs.h
firmware/mcu/hal/neorv32/neorv32_cpu.c
firmware/mcu/hal/neorv32/neorv32_cpu.h
firmware/mcu/hal/neorv32/neorv32_gpio.c
firmware/mcu/hal/neorv32/neorv32_gpio.h
firmware/mcu/hal/neorv32/neorv32_gptmr.c
firmware/mcu/hal/neorv32/neorv32_gptmr.h
firmware/mcu/hal/neorv32/neorv32_hal.c
firmware/mcu/hal/neorv32/neorv32_hal.h
firmware/mcu/hal/neorv32/neorv32_intrinsics.h
firmware/mcu/hal/neorv32/neorv32_mtime.c
firmware/mcu/hal/neorv32/neorv32_mtime.h
firmware/mcu/hal/neorv32/neorv32_neoled.c
firmware/mcu/hal/neorv32/neorv32_neoled.h
firmware/mcu/hal/neorv32/neorv32_pwm.c
firmware/mcu/hal/neorv32/neorv32_pwm.h
firmware/mcu/hal/neorv32/neorv32_rte.c
firmware/mcu/hal/neorv32/neorv32_rte.h
firmware/mcu/hal/neorv32/neorv32_slink.c
firmware/mcu/hal/neorv32/neorv32_slink.h
firmware/mcu/hal/neorv32/neorv32_spi.c
firmware/mcu/hal/neorv32/neorv32_spi.h
firmware/mcu/hal/neorv32/neorv32_trng.c
firmware/mcu/hal/neorv32/neorv32_trng.h
firmware/mcu/hal/neorv32/neorv32_twi.c
firmware/mcu/hal/neorv32/neorv32_twi.h
firmware/mcu/hal/neorv32/neorv32_uart.c
firmware/mcu/hal/neorv32/neorv32_uart.h
firmware/mcu/hal/neorv32/neorv32_wdt.c
firmware/mcu/hal/neorv32/neorv32_wdt.h
firmware/mcu/hal/neorv32/neorv32_xip.c
firmware/mcu/hal/neorv32/neorv32_xip.h
firmware/mcu/hal/neorv32/neorv32_xirq.c
firmware/mcu/hal/neorv32/neorv32_xirq.h
firmware/mcu/hal/neorv32/syscalls.c
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/Makefile.sam4s
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/chipid.c
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/cycle_counter.c
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/efc.c
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/flash_efc.c
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/flash_sam4s.ld
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/init.c
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/interrupt_sam_nvic.c
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/led.c
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/libarm_cortexM4l_math.a
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/matrix.c
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/pdc.c
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/pio.c
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/pio_handler.c
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/pmc.c
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/sam4s_hal.c
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/sam4s_hal.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/sleep.c
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/startup_sam4s.c
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/syscalls.c
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/sysclk.c
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/system_sam4s.c
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/tc.c
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/uart.c
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/udi_cdc.c
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/udi_composite_desc.c
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/udi_vendor.c
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/udp_device.c
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/usart.c
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/usart_serial.c
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/arm_common_tables.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/arm_const_structs.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/arm_math.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/asf.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/board.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/chipid.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/compiler.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/conf_board.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/conf_clock.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/conf_clock_.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/conf_sleepmgr.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/conf_uart_serial.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/conf_usb.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/core_cm4.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/core_cmFunc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/core_cmInstr.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/core_cmSimd.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/cycle_counter.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/delay.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/efc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/flash_efc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/genclk.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/gpio.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/interrupt.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/interrupt_sam_nvic.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/io.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/ioport.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/led.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/matrix.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/mrepeat.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/naeusb_board_config.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/osc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/parts.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/pdc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/pio.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/pio_handler.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/pll.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/pmc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/preprocessor.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/sam4s.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/sam4s2b.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/sam4sd16b.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/serial.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/sleep.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/status_codes.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/stringz.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/sysclk.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/system_sam4s.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/tc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/tpaste.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/uart.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/udc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/udc_desc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/udd.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/udi.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/udi_cdc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/udi_composite_conf.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/udi_vendor.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/udp_device.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/usart.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/usb_atmel.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/usb_protocol.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/usb_protocol_cdc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/usb_protocol_vendor.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/component/component_acc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/component/component_adc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/component/component_chipid.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/component/component_cmcc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/component/component_crccu.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/component/component_dacc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/component/component_efc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/component/component_gpbr.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/component/component_hsmci.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/component/component_matrix.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/component/component_pdc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/component/component_pio.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/component/component_pmc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/component/component_pwm.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/component/component_rstc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/component/component_rtc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/component/component_rtt.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/component/component_smc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/component/component_spi.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/component/component_ssc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/component/component_supc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/component/component_tc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/component/component_twi.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/component/component_uart.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/component/component_udp.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/component/component_usart.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/component/component_wdt.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/device/udi_cdc.c
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/device/udi_cdc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/device/udi_composite_conf.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/device/udi_composite_desc.c
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/instance/instance_acc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/instance/instance_adc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/instance/instance_chipid.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/instance/instance_cmcc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/instance/instance_crccu.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/instance/instance_dacc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/instance/instance_efc0.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/instance/instance_efc1.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/instance/instance_gpbr.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/instance/instance_hsmci.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/instance/instance_matrix.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/instance/instance_pioa.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/instance/instance_piob.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/instance/instance_pioc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/instance/instance_pmc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/instance/instance_pwm.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/instance/instance_rstc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/instance/instance_rtc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/instance/instance_rtt.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/instance/instance_smc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/instance/instance_spi.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/instance/instance_ssc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/instance/instance_supc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/instance/instance_tc0.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/instance/instance_tc1.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/instance/instance_twi0.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/instance/instance_twi1.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/instance/instance_uart0.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/instance/instance_uart1.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/instance/instance_udp.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/instance/instance_usart0.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/instance/instance_usart1.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/instance/instance_wdt.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/interrupt/interrupt_sam_nvic.c
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/interrupt/interrupt_sam_nvic.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/pdc_uart_example/pdc_uart_example.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/pio/pio_sam4s16b.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/pio/pio_sam4s16c.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/pio/pio_sam4s2a.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/pio/pio_sam4s2b.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/pio/pio_sam4s2c.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/pio/pio_sam4s4a.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/pio/pio_sam4s4b.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/pio/pio_sam4s4c.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/pio/pio_sam4s8b.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/pio/pio_sam4s8c.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/pio/pio_sam4sa16b.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/pio/pio_sam4sa16c.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/pio/pio_sam4sd16b.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/pio/pio_sam4sd16c.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/pio/pio_sam4sd32b.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/pio/pio_sam4sd32c.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/sam/cycle_counter.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/sam/ioport_pio.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/sam/sleepmgr.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/sam4s/genclk.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/sam4s/osc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/sam4s/pll.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/sam4s/sysclk.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/sam_gpio/sam_gpio.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/sam_uart/uart_serial.h
firmware/mcu/hal/sam4s/inc/tc_capture_waveform_example/tc_capture_waveform_example.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/LinkerScript.ld
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/Makefile.stm32f0
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/stm32f0_hal.c
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/stm32f0_hal.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/stm32f0_hal_lowlevel.c
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/stm32f0_hal_lowlevel.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/stm32f0_startup.S
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/stm32f0xx_hal_def.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/stm32f0xx_hal_dma.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/stm32f0xx_hal_dma_ex.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/stm32f0xx_hal_flash.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/stm32f0xx_hal_flash_ex.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/stm32f0xx_hal_gpio.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/stm32f0xx_hal_gpio_ex.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/stm32f0xx_hal_rcc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/stm32f0xx_hal_rcc_ex.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/stm32f0xx_hal_uart.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/stm32f0xx_hal_uart_ex.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/CMSIS/core/arm_common_tables.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/CMSIS/core/arm_const_structs.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/CMSIS/core/arm_math.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/CMSIS/core/cmsis_armcc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/CMSIS/core/cmsis_armcc_V6.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/CMSIS/core/cmsis_gcc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/CMSIS/core/core_cm0.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/CMSIS/core/core_cm0plus.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/CMSIS/core/core_cm3.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/CMSIS/core/core_cm4.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/CMSIS/core/core_cm7.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/CMSIS/core/core_cmFunc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/CMSIS/core/core_cmInstr.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/CMSIS/core/core_cmSimd.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/CMSIS/core/core_sc000.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/CMSIS/core/core_sc300.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/CMSIS/device/stm32f030x6.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/CMSIS/device/stm32f030x8.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/CMSIS/device/stm32f030xc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/CMSIS/device/stm32f031x6.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/CMSIS/device/stm32f038xx.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/CMSIS/device/stm32f042x6.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/CMSIS/device/stm32f048xx.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/CMSIS/device/stm32f051x8.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/CMSIS/device/stm32f058xx.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/CMSIS/device/stm32f070x6.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/CMSIS/device/stm32f070xb.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/CMSIS/device/stm32f071xb.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/CMSIS/device/stm32f072xb.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/CMSIS/device/stm32f078xx.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/CMSIS/device/stm32f091xc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/CMSIS/device/stm32f098xx.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/CMSIS/device/stm32f0xx.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/CMSIS/device/system_stm32f0xx.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0/Legacy/stm32_hal_legacy.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0_nano/LinkerScript.ld
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0_nano/Makefile.stm32f0_nano
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f0_nano/stm32f0_hal_nano.c
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/LinkerScript.ld
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/Makefile.stm32f3
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/stm32f3_hal.c
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/stm32f3_hal.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/stm32f3_hal_lowlevel.c
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/stm32f3_hal_lowlevel.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/stm32f3_hal_seccan.c
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/stm32f3_hal_seccan.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/stm32f3_startup.S
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/stm32f3_sysmem.c
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/stm32f3xx_hal_adc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/stm32f3xx_hal_adc_ex.c
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/stm32f3xx_hal_adc_ex.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/stm32f3xx_hal_can.c
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/stm32f3xx_hal_can.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/stm32f3xx_hal_cortex.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/stm32f3xx_hal_def.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/stm32f3xx_hal_dma.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/stm32f3xx_hal_dma_ex.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/stm32f3xx_hal_flash.c
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/stm32f3xx_hal_flash.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/stm32f3xx_hal_flash_ex.c
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/stm32f3xx_hal_flash_ex.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/stm32f3xx_hal_gpio.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/stm32f3xx_hal_gpio_ex.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/stm32f3xx_hal_rcc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/stm32f3xx_hal_rcc_ex.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/stm32f3xx_hal_tim.c
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/stm32f3xx_hal_tim.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/stm32f3xx_hal_tim_ex.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/stm32f3xx_hal_uart.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/stm32f3xx_hal_uart_ex.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/stm32f3xx_hal_usart.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/stm32f3xx_hal_usart_ex.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/CMSIS/core/arm_common_tables.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/CMSIS/core/arm_const_structs.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/CMSIS/core/arm_math.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/CMSIS/core/cmsis_armcc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/CMSIS/core/cmsis_armcc_V6.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/CMSIS/core/cmsis_gcc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/CMSIS/core/core_cm0.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/CMSIS/core/core_cm0plus.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/CMSIS/core/core_cm3.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/CMSIS/core/core_cm4.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/CMSIS/core/core_cm7.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/CMSIS/core/core_cmFunc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/CMSIS/core/core_cmInstr.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/CMSIS/core/core_cmSimd.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/CMSIS/core/core_sc000.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/CMSIS/core/core_sc300.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/CMSIS/device/stm32f301x8.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/CMSIS/device/stm32f302x8.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/CMSIS/device/stm32f302xc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/CMSIS/device/stm32f302xe.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/CMSIS/device/stm32f303x8.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/CMSIS/device/stm32f303xc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/CMSIS/device/stm32f303xe.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/CMSIS/device/stm32f318xx.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/CMSIS/device/stm32f328xx.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/CMSIS/device/stm32f334x8.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/CMSIS/device/stm32f358xx.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/CMSIS/device/stm32f373xc.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/CMSIS/device/stm32f378xx.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/CMSIS/device/stm32f398xx.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/CMSIS/device/stm32f3xx.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/CMSIS/device/system_stm32f3xx.h
firmware/mcu/hal/stm32f3/Legacy/stm32_hal_legacy.h
firmware/mcu/hal/xmega/Makefile.xmega
firmware/mcu/hal/xmega/XMEGA_AES_driver.c
firmware/mcu/hal/xmega/XMEGA_AES_driver.h
firmware/mcu/hal/xmega/avr_compiler.h
firmware/mcu/hal/xmega/uart.c
firmware/mcu/hal/xmega/uart.h
firmware/mcu/hal/xmega/usart_driver.c
firmware/mcu/hal/xmega/usart_driver.h
firmware/mcu/hal/xmega/xmega_hal.c
firmware/mcu/hal/xmega/xmega_hal.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/.clang-format
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/.pylintrc
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/COPYING
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/README.rst
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/base.mk
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/rom.mk
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/2nd-stage/2nd_stage.ld
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/2nd-stage/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/2nd-stage/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/bootstrap/boot.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/bootstrap/boot.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/bootstrap/boot.mk
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/bootstrap/boot_clk.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/bootstrap/boot_clk.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/bootstrap/rom_startup.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/bootstrap/soc/boot_soc.mk
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/bootstrap/soc/quark_d2000/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/bootstrap/soc/quark_d2000/makeRomImage.py
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/bootstrap/soc/quark_d2000/rom.ld
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/bootstrap/soc/quark_d2000/rom_startup.s
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/bootstrap/soc/quark_d2000/include/rom_config.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/bootstrap/soc/quark_d2000/include/soc_boot.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/bootstrap/soc/quark_d2000/include/soc_flash_partitions.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/bootstrap/soc/quark_se/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/bootstrap/soc/quark_se/makeRomImage.py
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/bootstrap/soc/quark_se/reset_vector.s
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/bootstrap/soc/quark_se/rom.ld
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/bootstrap/soc/quark_se/rom_startup.s
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/bootstrap/soc/quark_se/include/rom_config.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/bootstrap/soc/quark_se/include/soc_boot.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/bootstrap/soc/quark_se/include/soc_flash_partitions.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/doc/boot_flow.rst
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/doc/boot_resources.rst
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/doc/fw-manager-overview.rst
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/doc/fw-manager-user-guide.rst
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/fw-manager/bl_data.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/fw-manager/bl_data.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/fw-manager/fm_hook.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/fw-manager/fm_hook.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/fw-manager/fw-manager.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/fw-manager/fw-manager.mk
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/fw-manager/fw-manager_comm.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/fw-manager/fw-manager_config.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/fw-manager/fw-manager_utils.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/fw-manager/fw-manager_utils.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/fw-manager/dfu/dfu.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/fw-manager/dfu/dfu.mk
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/fw-manager/dfu/dfu_config.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/fw-manager/dfu/core/dfu_core.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/fw-manager/dfu/core/dfu_core.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/fw-manager/dfu/core/dfu_core.mk
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/fw-manager/dfu/qda/qda.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/fw-manager/dfu/qda/qda.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/fw-manager/dfu/qda/qda.mk
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/fw-manager/dfu/qda/qda_packets.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/fw-manager/dfu/qda/xmodem.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/fw-manager/dfu/qda/xmodem.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/fw-manager/dfu/qda/xmodem_io.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/fw-manager/dfu/qda/xmodem_io_uart.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/fw-manager/dfu/qda/xmodem_io_uart.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/fw-manager/dfu/usb-dfu/usb-dfu.mk
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/fw-manager/dfu/usb-dfu/usb_dfu.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/fw-manager/dfu/usb-dfu/usb_dfu.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/fw-manager/entries/entries.mk
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/fw-manager/entries/fm_entry.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/fw-manager/entries/fm_entry_2nd_stage.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/fw-manager/entries/fm_entry_uart.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/fw-manager/entries/fm_entry_usb.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/fw-manager/qfm/qfm.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/fw-manager/qfm/qfm.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/fw-manager/qfm/qfm.mk
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/fw-manager/qfm/qfm_packets.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/fw-manager/qfu/qfu.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/fw-manager/qfu/qfu.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/fw-manager/qfu/qfu.mk
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/fw-manager/qfu/qfu_format.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/tools/sysupdate/README.rst
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/tools/sysupdate/qm_make_dfu.py
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/tools/sysupdate/qm_manage.py
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/tools/sysupdate/setup.py
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/tools/sysupdate/qmfmlib/__init__.py
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/tools/sysupdate/qmfmlib/dfu.py
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/tools/sysupdate/qmfmlib/qfm.py
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/boot_rom/tools/sysupdate/qmfmlib/qfu.py
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/.gitignore
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/COPYING
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/FIXED_ISSUES.rst
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/HARDWARE_ISSUES.rst
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/KNOWN_ISSUES.rst
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/README.rst
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/VERSION
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/base.mk
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/board/drivers.mk
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/board/drivers/bmx1xx/bmx1xx.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/board/drivers/bmx1xx/bmx1xx.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/doc/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/doc/coding_style.rst
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/doc/commit_requirements.rst
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/doc/commit_style.rst
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/doc/dependencies.rst
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/doc/doxygen_style.rst
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/doc/example_applications.rst
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/doc/interrupt.rst
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/doc/power_management.rst
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/doc/api/Doxyfile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/doc/api/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/doc/api/errno.txt
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/doc/api/intel_styles.css
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/doc/api/logo.png
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/doc/api/mainpage.txt
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/doc/api/pdf_footer.tex
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/doc/api/pdf_header.tex
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/doc/api/pdf_latex.sty
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/drivers.mk
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/libqmsi.mk
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/qm_identification.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/qm_init.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/qm_version.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/soc_watch.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/adc/qm_adc.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/adc/qm_ss_adc.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/aon_counters/qm_aon_counters.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/clk/ss_clk.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/comparator/qm_comparator.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/dma/dma.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/dma/qm_dma.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/flash/qm_flash.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/fpr/qm_fpr.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/gpio/qm_gpio.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/gpio/qm_ss_gpio.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/i2c/qm_i2c.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/i2c/qm_ss_i2c.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/include/qm_adc.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/include/qm_aon_counters.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/include/qm_comparator.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/include/qm_dma.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/include/qm_flash.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/include/qm_fpr.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/include/qm_gpio.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/include/qm_i2c.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/include/qm_i2s.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/include/qm_identification.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/include/qm_init.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/include/qm_interrupt.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/include/qm_isr.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/include/qm_mailbox.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/include/qm_mpr.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/include/qm_pic_timer.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/include/qm_pinmux.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/include/qm_pwm.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/include/qm_rtc.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/include/qm_spi.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/include/qm_ss_adc.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/include/qm_ss_gpio.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/include/qm_ss_i2c.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/include/qm_ss_interrupt.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/include/qm_ss_isr.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/include/qm_ss_spi.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/include/qm_ss_timer.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/include/qm_uart.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/include/qm_usb.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/include/qm_version.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/include/qm_wdt.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/include/soc_watch.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/include/ss_clk.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/interrupt/apic.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/interrupt/idt.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/interrupt/mvic.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/interrupt/qm_interrupt.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/interrupt/qm_ss_interrupt.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/mailbox/qm_mailbox.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/mpr/qm_mpr.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/pinmux/qm_pinmux.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/pwm/qm_pwm.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/rtc/qm_rtc.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/spi/qm_spi.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/spi/qm_ss_spi.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/timer/qm_pic_timer.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/timer/qm_ss_timer.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/uart/qm_uart.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/usb/qm_usb.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/drivers/wdt/qm_wdt.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/app.mk
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/accel/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/accel/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/aon_counters/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/aon_counters/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/aon_gpio/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/aon_gpio/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/blinky/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/blinky/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/clib/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/clib/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/clk_div/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/clk_div/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/comparators/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/comparators/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/crypto/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/crypto/aes_ctr.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/crypto/hmac_sha256.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/crypto/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/dma/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/dma/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/flash_access/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/flash_access/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/fpr/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/fpr/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/gpio/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/gpio/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/hello_world/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/hello_world/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/i2c/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/i2c/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/i2c_slave/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/i2c_slave/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/identification/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/identification/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/include/get_ticks.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/include/ring_buffer.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/irq_lock/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/irq_lock/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/mailbox/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/mailbox/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/mpr/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/mpr/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/pic_timer/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/pic_timer/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/power_profiler/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/power_profiler/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/pwm/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/pwm/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/quark_d2000/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/quark_d2000/adc/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/quark_d2000/adc/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/quark_d2000/adc_continuous/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/quark_d2000/adc_continuous/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/quark_d2000/magneto/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/quark_d2000/magneto/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/quark_d2000/power/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/quark_d2000/power/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/quark_se/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/quark_se/configure_lpss/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/quark_se/configure_lpss/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/quark_se/power_core/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/quark_se/power_core/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/quark_se/power_lpss/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/quark_se/power_lpss/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/quark_se/power_soc/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/quark_se/power_soc/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/quark_se/power_soc/power_soc_common.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/quark_se/power_soc/power_soc_common.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/quark_se/power_soc/power_soc_reset.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/quark_se/power_soc/power_soc_reset.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/quark_se/power_soc/power_soc_restore.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/quark_se/power_soc/power_soc_restore.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/quark_se/start_arc/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/quark_se/start_arc/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/quark_se/usb_cdc_acm/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/quark_se/usb_cdc_acm/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/quark_se/usb_cdc_acm/usb_cdc_acm.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/quark_se/usb_cdc_acm/usb_cdc_acm.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/quark_se/usb_dfu/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/quark_se/usb_dfu/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/quark_se/usb_dfu/usb_dfu.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/quark_se/usb_dfu/usb_dfu.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/quark_se/vreg/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/quark_se/vreg/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/reset/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/reset/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/rtc/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/rtc/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/sensor/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/sensor/adc/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/sensor/adc/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/sensor/adc_continuous/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/sensor/adc_continuous/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/sensor/configure_lpss/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/sensor/configure_lpss/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/sensor/gpio/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/sensor/gpio/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/sensor/gyro/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/sensor/gyro/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/sensor/i2c/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/sensor/i2c/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/sensor/interrupt/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/sensor/interrupt/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/sensor/power_core/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/sensor/power_core/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/sensor/power_lpss/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/sensor/power_lpss/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/sensor/spi/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/sensor/spi/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/sensor/timer/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/sensor/timer/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/shields/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/shields/grove/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/shields/grove/3_axis_digital_gyro/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/shields/grove/3_axis_digital_gyro/itg3200_gyro.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/shields/grove/3_axis_digital_gyro/itg3200_gyro.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/shields/grove/3_axis_digital_gyro/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/shields/grove/electricity_sensor/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/shields/grove/electricity_sensor/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/shields/grove/temperature_humidity_sensor/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/shields/grove/temperature_humidity_sensor/hdc1000_bus.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/shields/grove/temperature_humidity_sensor/hdc1000_bus.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/shields/grove/temperature_humidity_sensor/hdc1000_device.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/shields/grove/temperature_humidity_sensor/hdc1000_device.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/shields/grove/temperature_humidity_sensor/hdc1000_register.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/shields/grove/temperature_humidity_sensor/hdc1000_register.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/shields/grove/temperature_humidity_sensor/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/shields/grove/temperature_humidity_sensor/utils.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/shields/grove/temperature_humidity_sensor/utils.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/spi/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/spi/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/timers/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/timers/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/uart/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/uart/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/version/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/version/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/wdt/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/examples/wdt/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/include/qm_common.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/soc/quark_d2000/quark_d2000.mk
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/soc/quark_d2000/x86.ld
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/soc/quark_d2000/drivers/clk.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/soc/quark_d2000/drivers/drivers.mk
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/soc/quark_d2000/drivers/power_states.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/soc/quark_d2000/include/clk.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/soc/quark_d2000/include/flash_layout.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/soc/quark_d2000/include/power_states.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/soc/quark_d2000/include/qm_interrupt_router_regs.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/soc/quark_d2000/include/qm_soc_interrupts.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/soc/quark_d2000/include/qm_soc_regs.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/soc/quark_se/quark_se.mk
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/soc/quark_se/sensor.ld
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/soc/quark_se/x86.ld
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/soc/quark_se/drivers/clk.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/soc/quark_se/drivers/drivers.mk
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/soc/quark_se/drivers/power_states.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/soc/quark_se/drivers/ss_init.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/soc/quark_se/drivers/ss_power_states.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/soc/quark_se/drivers/vreg.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/soc/quark_se/include/clk.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/soc/quark_se/include/flash_layout.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/soc/quark_se/include/power_states.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/soc/quark_se/include/qm_interrupt_router_regs.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/soc/quark_se/include/qm_sensor_regs.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/soc/quark_se/include/qm_soc_interrupts.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/soc/quark_se/include/qm_soc_regs.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/soc/quark_se/include/ss_init.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/soc/quark_se/include/ss_power_states.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/soc/quark_se/include/vreg.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/sys/app_entry.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/sys/newlib-syscalls.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/sys/sys.mk
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/sys/sensor/init.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/sys/sensor/startup.s
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/sys/sensor/sys.mk
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/tools/jflash/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/tools/jflash/jflash.py
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/tools/jflash/helpers/debug_quark_d2000.cfg
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/tools/jflash/helpers/debug_quark_se.cfg
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/tools/jflash/helpers/flash_quark_d2000.cfg
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/tools/jflash/helpers/flash_quark_se.cfg
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/tools/jflash/helpers/quark_d2000-release.cfg
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/tools/jflash/helpers/quark_se-release.cfg
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/usb/usb_device.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/usb/usb_stack.mk
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/usb/include/usb_common.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/usb/include/usb_device.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/qmsi/usb/include/usb_struct.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/simpleserial_example/Makefile
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/simpleserial_example/aes.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/simpleserial_example/aes_encrypt.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/simpleserial_example/app.mk
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/simpleserial_example/main.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/simpleserial_example/simpleserial.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/simpleserial_example/simpleserial.h
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/simpleserial_example/utils.c
firmware/mcu/intel_quark/simpleserial_example/utils.h
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/.gitignore
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/Makefile.inc
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/README.md
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/basic-passwdcheck/basic-passwdcheck.c
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/basic-passwdcheck/makefile
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/blink-forever/Makefile
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/blink-forever/blink-forever.c
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/bootloader-glitch/bootloader.c
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/bootloader-glitch/decryption.c
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/bootloader-glitch/decryption.h
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/bootloader-glitch/encrypt.py
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/bootloader-glitch/hex_decode.c
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/bootloader-glitch/hex_decode.h
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/bootloader-glitch/makefile
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/commonlib/Common.c
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/commonlib/Common.h
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/commonlib/Delay.c
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/commonlib/Delay.h
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/commonlib/clock.c
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/commonlib/clock.h
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/commonlib/isp_uart0.h
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/commonlib/pin_defines.h
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/crypto/Makefile.crypto
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/crypto/Makefile.tinyaes128c
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/crypto/aes-independant.c
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/crypto/aes-independant.h
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/crypto/tiny-AES128-C/aes.c
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/crypto/tiny-AES128-C/aes.h
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/hal/hal.c
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/hal/hal.h
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/inc/LICENSE.txt
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/inc/README.md
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/inc/MS5116K/function_define_ms51_16k.h
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/inc/MS5116K/ms51_16k_iar.h
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/inc/MS5116K/ms51_16k_keil.h
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/inc/MS5116K/ms51_16k_sdcc.h
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/inc/MS5116K/numicro_8051.h
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/inc/MS5116K/sfr_macro_ms51_16k.h
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/inc/MS5132K/function_define_ms51_32k.h
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/inc/MS5132K/ms51_32k_iar.h
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/inc/MS5132K/ms51_32k_keil.h
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/inc/MS5132K/ms51_32k_sdcc.h
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/inc/MS5132K/numicro_8051.h
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/inc/MS5132K/sfr_macro_ms51_32k.h
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/inc/N76E003/function_define_n76e003.h
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/inc/N76E003/n76e003_iar.h
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/inc/N76E003/n76e003_keil.h
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/inc/N76E003/n76e003_sdcc.h
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/inc/N76E003/numicro_8051.h
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/inc/N76E003/sfr_macro_n76e003.h
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/inc/N76S003/function_define_n76s003.h
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/inc/N76S003/n76s003_iar.h
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/inc/N76S003/n76s003_keil.h
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/inc/N76S003/n76s003_sdcc.h
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/inc/N76S003/numicro_8051.h
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/inc/N76S003/sfr_macro_n76s003.h
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/simpleserial/Makefile.simpleserial
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/simpleserial/simpleserial.c
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/simpleserial/simpleserial.h
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/simpleserial-aes/Makefile.platform
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/simpleserial-aes/makefile
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/simpleserial-aes/simpleserial-aes.c
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/simpleserial-aes/simpleserial-aes.cpp
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/simpleserial-aes-bootloader/bootloader.c
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/simpleserial-aes-bootloader/makefile
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/simpleserial-base/makefile
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/simpleserial-base/simpleserial-base.c
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/simpleserial-glitch/Makefile
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/simpleserial-glitch/simpleserial-glitch.c
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/simpleserial-n76-test/Makefile
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/simpleserial-n76-test/simpleserial-n76-test.c
firmware/mcu/numicro8051/tools/peep.def
firmware/mcu/secure-can-demo/Makefile.platform
firmware/mcu/secure-can-demo/makefile
firmware/mcu/secure-can-demo/seccan.c
firmware/mcu/secure-can-demo/seccan.h
firmware/mcu/secure-can-demo/secure-can.c
firmware/mcu/simpleserial/Makefile.simpleserial
firmware/mcu/simpleserial/README.md
firmware/mcu/simpleserial/README.rst
firmware/mcu/simpleserial/simpleserial.c
firmware/mcu/simpleserial/simpleserial.h
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes/Makefile.platform
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes/makefile
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes/pyocd.yml
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes/simpleserial-aes.c
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes/simpleserial-aes.cpp
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes/test.S
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes-auth/Makefile.platform
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes-auth/makefile
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes-auth/simpleserial-aes-auth.c
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes-bootloader/bootloader.c
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes-bootloader/makefile
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes-modes/makefile
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes-modes/simpleserial-aes.c
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes-modes/user_crypto/aes-challenge-asm.S
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes-modes/user_crypto/aes-challenge-c.c
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes-modes/user_crypto/aes-challenge.h
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes-modes/user_crypto/aes.c
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes-modes/user_crypto/aes.h
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes-modes/user_crypto/example/aes-challenge-asm.S
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes-modes/user_crypto/example/aes-challenge-c.c
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes-modes/user_crypto/example/aes-challenge.h
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes-modes/user_crypto/example/aes.c
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes-modes/user_crypto/example/aes.h
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes/ide_projects/asf/sam4l-simpleserial-aes/sam4l-simpleserial-aes.atsln
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes/ide_projects/asf/sam4l-simpleserial-aes/.vs/sam4l-simpleserial-aes/v14/.atsuo
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes/ide_projects/asf/sam4l-simpleserial-aes/sam4l-simpleserial-aes/Debug/Makefile
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes/ide_projects/asf/sam4l-simpleserial-aes/sam4l-simpleserial-aes/Debug/makedep.mk
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes/ide_projects/mplabx/pic24fj_aes.X/Makefile
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes/ide_projects/mplabx/pic24fj_aes.X/nbproject/Makefile-default.mk
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes/ide_projects/mplabx/pic24fj_aes.X/nbproject/Makefile-genesis.properties
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes/ide_projects/mplabx/pic24fj_aes.X/nbproject/Makefile-impl.mk
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes/ide_projects/mplabx/pic24fj_aes.X/nbproject/Makefile-local-default.mk
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes/ide_projects/mplabx/pic24fj_aes.X/nbproject/Makefile-variables.mk
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes/ide_projects/mplabx/pic24fj_aes.X/nbproject/Package-default.bash
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes/ide_projects/mplabx/pic24fj_aes.X/nbproject/configurations.xml
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes/ide_projects/mplabx/pic24fj_aes.X/nbproject/project.xml
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes/ide_projects/mplabx/pic24fj_aes.X/nbproject/private/configurations.xml
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes/ide_projects/stm32f4/simpleserial-aes/CW308T-STM32F.cfg
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes/ide_projects/stm32f4/simpleserial-aes/CW308T-STM32F.xml
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes/objdir/aes-independant.su
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes/objdir/aes.su
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes/objdir/simpleserial-aes.su
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes/objdir/simpleserial.su
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes/objdir/stm32f0_hal_lowlevel.su
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-aes/objdir/stm32f0_hal_nano.su
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-base/makefile
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-base/simpleserial-base.c
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-base-extfile/makefile
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-base-extfile/simpleserial-base.c
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-base-extfile/user-code.c
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-des/makefile
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-des/simpleserial-des.c
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-ecc/Makefile.platform
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-ecc/arm_etm.h
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-ecc/makefile
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-ecc/simpleserial-ecc-CW308_STM32F3.hex
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-ecc/simpleserial-ecc.c
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-ecc-notrace/Makefile.platform
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-ecc-notrace/README
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-ecc-notrace/makefile
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-ecc-notrace/simpleserial-ecc-fwtrigger-CW308_SAM4S.hex
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-ecc-notrace/simpleserial-ecc-fwtrigger-CW308_STM32F3.hex
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-ecc-notrace/simpleserial-ecc-nofwtrigger-CW308_SAM4S.hex
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-ecc-notrace/simpleserial-ecc-nofwtrigger-CW308_STM32F3.hex
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-ecc-notrace/simpleserial-ecc.c
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-glitch/makefile
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-glitch/simpleserial-glitch.c
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-rsa/makefile
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-rsa/simpleserial-rsa-arm.c
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-rsa/simpleserial-rsa-xmega.c
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-rsa/simpleserial-rsa.c
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-tea/makefile
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-tea/simpleserial-tea.c
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-tea/tea.c
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-tea/tea.h
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-trace/Makefile.platform
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-trace/README
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-trace/arm_etm.h
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-trace/makefile
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-trace/simpleserial-trace-CW308_K82F.hex
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-trace/simpleserial-trace-CW308_SAM4S.hex
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-trace/simpleserial-trace-CW308_STM32F3.hex
firmware/mcu/simpleserial-trace/simpleserial-trace.c
firmware/mcu/thirdparty/tinysafeboot-20140331/GPLv3.txt
firmware/mcu/thirdparty/tinysafeboot-20140331/changelog_fw.txt
firmware/mcu/thirdparty/tinysafeboot-20140331/changelog_sw.txt
firmware/mcu/thirdparty/tinysafeboot-20140331/datas.bas
firmware/mcu/thirdparty/tinysafeboot-20140331/devices.txt
firmware/mcu/thirdparty/tinysafeboot-20140331/tsb
firmware/mcu/thirdparty/tinysafeboot-20140331/tsb.bas
firmware/mcu/thirdparty/tinysafeboot-20140331/tsb.exe
firmware/mcu/thirdparty/tinysafeboot-20140331/tsb_logo.ico
firmware/mcu/thirdparty/tinysafeboot-20140331/tsb_tinymega.asm
openadc/controlsw/README.txt
openadc/controlsw/python/install_win.bat
openadc/controlsw/python/setup.py
openadc/controlsw/python/examples/adc-capture-example.py
openadc/controlsw/python/examples/old/cheap-capture-example.py
openadc/controlsw/python/examples/old/opensca-capture.py
openadc/controlsw/python/examples/old/sasebo-capture-example.py
openadc/controlsw/python/examples/old/smartcard-capture-example.py
openadc/controlsw/python/openadc/ExtendedParameter.py
openadc/controlsw/python/openadc/HelpWindow.py
openadc/controlsw/python/openadc/__init__.py
openadc/controlsw/python/openadc/openadc.py
openadc/controlsw/python/openadc/qt.py
openadc/controlsw/python/openadc/scan.py
openadc/controlsw/qt/capture_application/capture_application.pro
openadc/controlsw/qt/capture_application/capture_application.pro.user
openadc/controlsw/qt/capture_application/main.cpp
openadc/controlsw/qt/capture_application/mainwindow.cpp
openadc/controlsw/qt/capture_application/mainwindow.h
openadc/controlsw/qt/capture_application/mainwindow.ui
openadc/controlsw/qt/openadc_dialog/openadc_qt.cpp
openadc/controlsw/qt/openadc_dialog/openadc_qt.h
openadc/controlsw/qt/openadc_dialog/openadc_qt.ui
openadc/doc/Porting Guide for OpenADC.docx
openadc/doc/Porting Guide for OpenADC.pdf
openadc/doc/frequency_response_opamp.xlsx
openadc/doc/frequency_response_transformer.xlsx
openadc/hdl/example_targets/avnet_lx9board.in
openadc/hdl/example_targets/cwlite_testdev.in
openadc/hdl/example_targets/fifoonly_adcfifo.xco.in
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ise_verilog_template.xise.in
openadc/hdl/example_targets/makeprojects_win.bat
openadc/hdl/example_targets/avnet_lx9board_docs/program_flash.bat
openadc/hdl/example_targets/avnet_lx9board_ise/Avt_S6LX9_MicroBoard_UCF_110804.ucf
openadc/hdl/example_targets/avnet_lx9board_ise/lx9example_openadc.v
openadc/hdl/example_targets/avnet_lx9board_ise/openadc_lx9.cfi
openadc/hdl/example_targets/avnet_lx9board_ise/openadc_lx9.mcs
openadc/hdl/example_targets/avnet_lx9board_ise/openadc_lx9.prm
openadc/hdl/example_targets/cwlite_testdev/cwlite_interface.v
openadc/hdl/example_targets/cwlite_testdev/cwlite_lx9_tqfp144.ucf
openadc/hdl/example_targets/cwlite_testdev/reg_main_cwlite.v
openadc/hdl/example_targets/cwlite_testdev/setup.v
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/COPYING
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/Makefile
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/Makefile.mk
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/Readme
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/makecopyright
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/ztex_win_cmdline.bat
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/ztex_win_cygwin.bat
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/bin/bmp
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/bin/bmpsdcc.sh
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/bin/peeph.def
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/bmp/COPYING
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/bmp/Make.bat
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/bmp/Makefile
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/bmp/Readme
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/bmp/bmp.1
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/bmp/configure
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/bmp/copyright
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/bmp/src/bmp.pas
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/bmp/src/bmpsys.pas
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/bmp/src/textbuf.pas
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/bmp/tests/000
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/bmp/tests/001
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/bmp/tests/002
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/bmp/tests/003
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/bmp/tests/004
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/bmp/tests/004.1
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/bmp/tests/004.2
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/bmp/tests/005
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/bmp/tests/006
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/bmp/tests/007
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/bmp/tests/008
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/bmp/tests/009
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/bmp/tests/010
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/bmp/tests/011
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/bmp/tests/012
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/bmp/tests/013
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/bmp/tests/014
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/bmp/tests/015
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/bmp/tests/016
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/bmp/tests/016.1
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/bmp/tests/016.2
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/bmp/tests/017
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/examples/usb-fpga-1.11/1.11c/openadc/Makefile
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/examples/usb-fpga-1.11/1.11c/openadc/OpenADC.c
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/examples/usb-fpga-1.11/1.11c/openadc/OpenADC.ihx
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/examples/usb-fpga-1.11/1.11c/openadc/OpenADC.lk
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/FWLoader
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/FWLoader.jar
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/FWLoader.java
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/Makefile
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/openadc_load_firmware.bat
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/openadc_load_fpga.bat
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/openadc_program_firmware_eeprom.bat
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/openadc_program_fpga_flash.bat
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/ztex/AlreadyConfiguredException.class
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/ztex/AlreadyConfiguredException.java
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/ztex/BitstreamReadException.class
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/ztex/BitstreamReadException.java
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/ztex/BitstreamUploadException.class
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/ztex/BitstreamUploadException.java
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/ztex/CapabilityException.class
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/ztex/CapabilityException.java
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/ztex/DeviceLostException.class
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/ztex/DeviceLostException.java
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/ztex/DeviceNotSupportedException.class
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/ztex/DeviceNotSupportedException.java
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/ztex/EzUsb.class
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/ztex/EzUsb.java
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/ztex/FirmwareUploadException.class
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/ztex/FirmwareUploadException.java
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/ztex/IhxFile.class
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/ztex/IhxFile.java
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/ztex/IhxFileDamagedException.class
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/ztex/IhxFileDamagedException.java
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/ztex/IhxParseException.class
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/ztex/IhxParseException.java
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/ztex/IncompatibleFirmwareException.class
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/ztex/IncompatibleFirmwareException.java
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/ztex/InvalidFirmwareException.class
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/ztex/InvalidFirmwareException.java
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/ztex/JInputStream.class
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/ztex/JInputStream.java
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/ztex/UsbException.class
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/ztex/UsbException.java
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/ztex/Ztex1.class
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/ztex/Ztex1.java
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/ztex/Ztex1v1.class
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/ztex/Ztex1v1.java
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/ztex/ZtexDevice1.class
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/ztex/ZtexDevice1.java
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/ztex/ZtexIhxFile1.class
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/ztex/ZtexIhxFile1.java
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/ztex/ZtexScanBus1.class
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/ztex/ZtexScanBus1.java
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/fwloader/ztex/package.html
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/include/Version
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/include/ezintavecs.h
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/include/ezregs.h
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/include/ztex-conf.h
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/include/ztex-debug.h
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/include/ztex-descriptors.h
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/include/ztex-eeprom.h
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/include/ztex-flash1.h
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/include/ztex-flash2.h
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/include/ztex-fpga-flash.h
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/include/ztex-fpga1.h
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/include/ztex-fpga2.h
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/include/ztex-fpga3.h
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/include/ztex-fpga4.h
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/include/ztex-fpga5.h
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/include/ztex-isr.h
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/include/ztex-temp1.h
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/include/ztex-utils.h
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/include/ztex-xmega.h
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/include/ztex.h
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/libusb-win32/AUTHORS.txt
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/libusb-win32/COPYING_GPL.txt
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/libusb-win32/COPYING_LGPL.txt
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/libusb-win32/README.txt
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/libusb-win32/error.h
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/libusb-win32/installer_license.txt
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/libusb-win32/libusb-win32-bin-README.txt
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/libusb-win32/libusb-win32-changelog-1.2.1.0.txt
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/libusb-win32/libusb.a
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/libusb-win32/usb.h
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/libusb-win32/ztex.cat
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/libusb-win32/ztex.inf
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/libusb-win32/amd64/libusb0.dll
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/libusb-win32/amd64/libusb0.sys
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/libusb-win32/ia64/libusb0.dll
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/libusb-win32/ia64/libusb0.sys
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/libusb-win32/license/libusb-win32/installer_license.txt
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/libusb-win32/x86/libusb0.sys
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ezusb-firmware/ztex-sdk/libusb-win32/x86/libusb0_x86.dll
openadc/hdl/example_targets/nexys2_hsusb_ise/Nexys2_500General.ucf
openadc/hdl/example_targets/nexys2_hsusb_ise/interface.bit
openadc/hdl/example_targets/nexys2_hsusb_ise/nexys2-hsusb.gise
openadc/hdl/example_targets/nexys2_hsusb_ise/nexys2-hsusb.xise
openadc/hdl/example_targets/nexys2_hsusb_ise/nexys2_example.v
openadc/hdl/example_targets/nexys2_hsusb_ise/setup.v
openadc/hdl/example_targets/nexys2_hsusb_ise/ipcore_dir/fifoonly_adcfifo.gise
openadc/hdl/example_targets/nexys2_hsusb_ise/ipcore_dir/fifoonly_adcfifo.xco
openadc/hdl/example_targets/nexys2_hsusb_ise/ipcore_dir/fifoonly_adcfifo.xise
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ztex_1.11c_ise/interface.bit
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ztex_1.11c_ise/setup.v
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ztex_1.11c_ise/ztex_1_11.ucf
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ztex_1.11c_ise/ztex_example.v
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ztex_1.11c_ise/ztex_openadc.gise
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ztex_1.11c_ise/ztex_openadc.xise
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ztex_1.11c_ise/ipcore_dir/coregen_icon.gise
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ztex_1.11c_ise/ipcore_dir/coregen_icon.xco
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ztex_1.11c_ise/ipcore_dir/coregen_icon.xise
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ztex_1.11c_ise/ipcore_dir/coregen_ila.gise
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ztex_1.11c_ise/ipcore_dir/coregen_ila.xco
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ztex_1.11c_ise/ipcore_dir/coregen_ila.xise
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ztex_1.11c_ise/ipcore_dir/fifoonly_adcfifo.gise
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ztex_1.11c_ise/ipcore_dir/fifoonly_adcfifo.xco
openadc/hdl/example_targets/ztex_1.11c_ise/ipcore_dir/fifoonly_adcfifo.xise
openadc/hdl/hdl/async_receiver.v
openadc/hdl/hdl/async_transmitter.v
openadc/hdl/hdl/includes.v
openadc/hdl/hdl/openadc_interface.v
openadc/hdl/hdl/reg_main.v
openadc/hdl/hdl/reg_openadc.v
openadc/hdl/hdl/reg_openadc_adcfifo.v
openadc/hdl/hdl/registers.v
openadc/hdl/hdl/serial_reg_iface.v
openadc/hdl/hdl/setup_example.v
openadc/hdl/hdl/timescale.v
openadc/hdl/hdl/trigger_unit.v
openadc/hdl/hdl/beta/newfifo/newfifo_sim_test/dram_varwidth.v
openadc/hdl/hdl/beta/newfifo/newfifo_sim_test/tb_dram_varwidth.v
openadc/hdl/hdl/beta/newfifo/newfifo_sim_test/tb_varwith_fifo_withpre.v
openadc/hdl/hdl/beta/newfifo/newfifo_sim_test/varwidth_fifo_withpre.v
openadc/hdl/hdl/dumbeth/crc32_8.v
openadc/hdl/hdl/dumbeth/eth_phydirect.v
openadc/hdl/hdl/old_historical/interface.v
openadc/hdl/hdl/old_historical/interface_ddr.v
openadc/hdl/hdl/old_historical/serial_scard_iface.v
openadc/hdl/hdl/old_historical/usb_interface.v
openadc/hdl/hdl/old_historical/usb_interface_ddr.v
openadc/hdl/hdl/spartan3a/interface_ftdi_dlp.v
openadc/hdl/hdl/spartan3a/ipcore_dir/fifoonly_adcfifo.asy
openadc/hdl/hdl/spartan3a/ipcore_dir/fifoonly_adcfifo.gise
openadc/hdl/hdl/spartan3a/ipcore_dir/fifoonly_adcfifo.v
openadc/hdl/hdl/spartan3a/ipcore_dir/fifoonly_adcfifo.xco
openadc/hdl/hdl/spartan3a/ipcore_dir/fifoonly_adcfifo.xise
openadc/hdl/hdl/spartan6/clock_managment.v
openadc/hdl/hdl/spartan6/clock_managment_advanced.v
openadc/hdl/hdl/spartan6/clock_managment_nogen.v
openadc/hdl/hdl/spartan6/dcm_clkgen_load.v
openadc/hdl/hdl/spartan6/dcm_phaseshift_interface.v
openadc/hdl/hdl/spartan6/ddr_top.v
openadc/hdl/hdl/spartan6/fifo_top.v
openadc/hdl/hdl/testbench/lpddr_model_c3.v
openadc/hdl/hdl/testbench/lpddr_model_parameters_c3.vh
openadc/hdl/hdl/testbench/tb_dcm_phaseshift_interface.v
openadc/hdl/hdl/testbench/tb_ddr_top.v
openadc/hdl/hdl/testbench/tb_trigger_unit.v
openadc/hdl/hdl/testbench/test_reg_main.v
openadc/hdl/makeise/makeise.py
openadc/hdl/makeise/demos/exampleProject.in
openadc/hdl/makeise/demos/fifoonly_adcfifo.xco.in
openadc/hdl/makeise/demos/ise_verilog_template.xise.in
openadc/hdl/makeise/demos/simplemodule.v
openadc/hdl/makeise/demos/simpletop.v
openadc/hdl/makeise/demos/system.ucf
openadc/pcb/bom/bom-openadc-nov28.xlsx
openadc/pcb/eagle/adc_microboard.brd
openadc/pcb/eagle/adc_microboard.sch
openadc/pcb/eagle/movegerbers.bat
openadc/pcb/eagle/openadc_cam.cam
openadc/pcb/eagle/openadc_footprint.lbr
openadc/pcb/eagle/gerbers/OpenADC_Rev1.zip
openadc/pcb/eagle/gerbers/OpenADC_Rev1A.zip
openocd/cw_openocd.cfg
openocd/cwhusky_top.bit
openocd/fe310.cfg
openocd/lpc.cfg
openocd/rp2040.cfg
openocd/run_openocd.sh
software/README.md
software/requirements.txt
software/chipwhisperer/__init__.py
software/chipwhisperer/logging.py
software/chipwhisperer/py.typed
software/chipwhisperer.egg-info/PKG-INFO
software/chipwhisperer.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
software/chipwhisperer.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
software/chipwhisperer.egg-info/requires.txt
software/chipwhisperer.egg-info/top_level.txt
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/__init__.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/attacks/__init__.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/attacks/_base.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/attacks/_channel_estimate_attack.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/attacks/_stats.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/attacks/algorithmsbase.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/attacks/attack_mix_columns.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/attacks/coefficient_vs_trace_number.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/attacks/cpa.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/attacks/cpa_new.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/attacks/profiling.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/attacks/snr.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/attacks/cpa_algorithms/__init__.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/attacks/cpa_algorithms/bayesian.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/attacks/cpa_algorithms/progressive.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/attacks/cpa_algorithms/progressive_caccel.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/attacks/cpa_algorithms/simpleloop.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/attacks/cpa_algorithms/c_accel/AESModels.cpp
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/attacks/cpa_algorithms/c_accel/AESModels.h
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/attacks/cpa_algorithms/c_accel/CPAProgressive.cpp
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/attacks/cpa_algorithms/c_accel/CPAProgressive.h
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/attacks/cpa_algorithms/c_accel/Makefile
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/attacks/cpa_algorithms/c_accel/libcpa.dll
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/attacks/cpa_algorithms/c_accel/libcpa_x64.dll
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/attacks/cpa_algorithms/c_accel/make_winvs.bat
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/attacks/models/AES128_8bit.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/attacks/models/AES256_8bit.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/attacks/models/DES.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/attacks/models/XOR.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/attacks/models/__init__.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/attacks/models/base.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/attacks/models/aes/__init__.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/attacks/models/aes/funcs.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/attacks/models/aes/key_schedule.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/attacks/profiling_algorithms/__init__.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/attacks/profiling_algorithms/template.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/preprocessing/Normalize.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/preprocessing/__init__.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/preprocessing/_base.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/preprocessing/add_noise_jitter.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/preprocessing/add_noise_random.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/preprocessing/decimation_clock_recovery.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/preprocessing/decimation_fixed.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/preprocessing/digital_filter.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/preprocessing/pass_through.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/preprocessing/resync_cross_correlation.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/preprocessing/resync_dtw.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/preprocessing/resync_peak_detect.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/preprocessing/resync_resample_zc.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/preprocessing/resync_sad.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/utils/Partition.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/utils/__init__.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/utils/aes_funcs.py
software/chipwhisperer/analyzer/utils/fasterdtw.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/__init__.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/acq_patterns/__init__.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/acq_patterns/_base.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/acq_patterns/basic.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/acq_patterns/dpahelper.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/acq_patterns/tvlattest.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/acq_patterns/var_vec.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/api/__init__.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/api/cwcommon.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/api/programmers.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/scopes/OpenADC.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/scopes/_OpenADCInterface.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/scopes/__init__.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/scopes/cwnano.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/scopes/sakura_g.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/scopes/cwhardware/ChipWhispererDecodeTrigger.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/scopes/cwhardware/ChipWhispererExtra.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/scopes/cwhardware/ChipWhispererFWLoader.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/scopes/cwhardware/ChipWhispererGlitch.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/scopes/cwhardware/ChipWhispererHuskyClock.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/scopes/cwhardware/ChipWhispererHuskyMisc.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/scopes/cwhardware/ChipWhispererSAD.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/scopes/cwhardware/ChipWhispererSAM3Update.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/scopes/cwhardware/PartialReconfiguration.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/scopes/cwhardware/__init__.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/scopes/openadc_interface/__init__.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/scopes/openadc_interface/naeusbchip.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/targets/CW305.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/targets/CW305_AES_PIPELINED.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/targets/CW305_ECC.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/targets/CW310.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/targets/CW340.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/targets/SimpleSerial.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/targets/SimpleSerial2.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/targets/__init__.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/targets/_base.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/targets/sakura_g.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/targets/simpleserial_readers/__init__.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/targets/simpleserial_readers/_base.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/targets/simpleserial_readers/cwlite.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/trace/TraceWhisperer.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/trace/__init__.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/trace/defines/README
software/chipwhisperer/capture/trace/defines/defines_pw.v
software/chipwhisperer/capture/trace/defines/defines_trace.v
software/chipwhisperer/capture/utils/IntelHex.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/utils/SerialProtocols.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/utils/__init__.py
software/chipwhisperer/capture/utils/programming_files.py
software/chipwhisperer/common/__init__.py
software/chipwhisperer/common/api/ProjectFormat.py
software/chipwhisperer/common/api/TraceManager.py
software/chipwhisperer/common/api/__init__.py
software/chipwhisperer/common/api/lascar.py
software/chipwhisperer/common/api/settings.py
software/chipwhisperer/common/results/__init__.py
software/chipwhisperer/common/results/glitch.py
software/chipwhisperer/common/results/noguiplots.py
software/chipwhisperer/common/traces/TraceContainerNative.py
software/chipwhisperer/common/traces/__init__.py
software/chipwhisperer/common/traces/_base.py
software/chipwhisperer/common/traces/_cfgfile.py
software/chipwhisperer/common/utils/__init__.py
software/chipwhisperer/common/utils/aes_cipher.py
software/chipwhisperer/common/utils/aes_tables.py
software/chipwhisperer/common/utils/looper.py
software/chipwhisperer/common/utils/parameter.py
software/chipwhisperer/common/utils/sad_explorer.py
software/chipwhisperer/common/utils/sad_model.py
software/chipwhisperer/common/utils/tracereader_native.py
software/chipwhisperer/common/utils/tracesource.py
software/chipwhisperer/common/utils/util.py
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/__init__.py
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/__init__.py
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/open_fw.py
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/test_husky.py
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/tracewhisperer_top.bit
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cw1200/bitstream.zip
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cw1200/mcufw.bin
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cw1200/registers.v
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cw1200/version.txt
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cw305/AES_100t.bit
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cw305/AES_35t.bit
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cw305/ECDSA256v1_pmul_100t.bit
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cw305/ECDSA256v1_pmul_35t.bit
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cw305/ECDSA256v1_pmul_attempt1_100t.bit
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cw305/ECDSA256v1_pmul_attempt1_35t.bit
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cw305/ECDSA256v1_pmul_attempt2_100t.bit
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cw305/ECDSA256v1_pmul_attempt2_35t.bit
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cw305/ECDSA256v1_pmul_attempt3_100t.bit
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cw305/ECDSA256v1_pmul_attempt4_100t.bit
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cw305/ECDSA256v1_pmul_attempt4_35t.bit
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cw305/Pipelined_AES_100t_half0.bit
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cw305/Pipelined_AES_100t_half1.bit
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cw305/Pipelined_AES_100t_half2.bit
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cw305/Pipelined_AES_100t_half3.bit
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cw305/Pipelined_AES_35t_half0.bit
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cw305/Pipelined_AES_35t_half1.bit
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cw305/Pipelined_AES_35t_half2.bit
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cw305/Pipelined_AES_35t_half3.bit
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cw305/SPI_flash_100t.bit
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cw305/SPI_flash_35t.bit
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cw305/cw305_aes_defines.v
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cw305/cw305_aes_pipelined_defines.v
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cw305/cw305_pmul_defines.v
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cw305/lowrisc_ibex_demo_system.bit
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cw305/mcufw.bin
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cw305/version.txt
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cwbergen/CW310.bin
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cwbergen/mcufw.bin
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cwbergen/version.txt
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cwhusky/bitstream.bit
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cwhusky/bitstream.zip
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cwhusky/mcufw.bin
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cwhusky/registers.v
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cwhusky/version.txt
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cwhuskyplus/bitstream.bit
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cwhuskyplus/bitstream.zip
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cwhuskyplus/mcufw.bin
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cwhuskyplus/registers.v
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cwhuskyplus/version.txt
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cwlite/bitstream.zip
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cwlite/mcufw.bin
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cwlite/registers.v
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cwlite/version.txt
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cwluna/mcufw.bin
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cwluna/version.txt
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cwnano/mcufw.bin
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cwnano/version.txt
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cwtargetice40/iCE40UP5K_SS2.bin
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/cwtargetice40/neorv32_iCE40CW312_MinimalBoot_directclk_7370KHz.bit
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/xc7a35/AES_cw312t_a35.bit
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/xc7a35/ECDSA256v1_pmul_attempt1_cw312t_a35.bit
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/xc7a35/ECDSA256v1_pmul_attempt2_cw312t_a35.bit
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/xc7a35/ECDSA256v1_pmul_attempt4_cw312t_a35.bit
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/xc7a35/ECDSA256v1_pmul_cw312t_a35.bit
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/xc7a35/Pipelined_AES_cw312t_a35_half0.bit
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/xc7a35/Pipelined_AES_cw312t_a35_half1.bit
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/xc7a35/Pipelined_AES_cw312t_a35_half2.bit
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/xc7a35/Pipelined_AES_cw312t_a35_half3.bit
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/xc7a35/cw305_aes_defines.v
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/xc7a35/cw305_aes_pipelined_defines.v
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/xc7a35/cw305_pmul_defines.v
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/firmware/xc7a35/lowrisc_ibex_demo_system.bit
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/naeusb/__init__.py
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/naeusb/bootloader_sam3u.py
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/naeusb/fpga.py
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/naeusb/naeusb.py
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/naeusb/pll_cdce906.py
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/naeusb/programmer_avr.py
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/naeusb/programmer_chipcon.py
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/naeusb/programmer_neorv32.py
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/naeusb/programmer_stm32fserial.py
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/naeusb/programmer_targetfpga.py
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/naeusb/programmer_xmega.py
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/naeusb/serial.py
software/chipwhisperer/hardware/naeusb/spi.py
tests/HuskySADStressTest.ipynb
tests/conftest.py
tests/husky_adc_phase_part1.ipynb
tests/husky_adc_phase_part2.ipynb
tests/pytest.ini
tests/simple_serial_demo.py
tests/test_api.py
tests/test_batchrun.py
tests/test_common.py
tests/test_fw_build.sh
tests/test_husky.py
tests/test_husky_dev.py
tests/test_husky_prod.py
tests/test_husky_stream.py
tests/test_s6.py
tests/update_fw.py